e
[Music]
a
broken all that
[Music]
all
they
everything learn all she
could found all I
[Music]
on fear
byar blood shed
[Music]
forant
dream something
[Music]
just found allar
something right
[Music]
after two years the galot conflict comes
to an end what's next for our world
the sun
fades
it
[Music]
ever de
ah
[Music]
[Applause]
w
[Music]
[Applause]
this part of the song was so
like so like me trying to do my my hopes
and dreams
okay okay
okay also yeah it is a
Mel let's
[Music]
do yeah that's that's
the see equestrian the courage l or I
forget what the
exact the exact one I have named for
it flying kit on something normal
is still like one of my favorite songs
I've done
still I
think the problem is like I think I'm
objectively making my best music the
past few years
but the difficult thing
is the music I made when I was a
teenager comes from a very special place
of like naive and like amateur isness
and it is the most magical thing to not
know what you're doing and still make
something I really really really wish um
I could be as naive as I was when I was
making super cor World 2016 and do it
again it's it's it's a I say it's a a
lightning in the
bottle it's like
that kind of that an album like super
Pony world can never really ever happen
again which is why I love it so much
it's like I made it at just the right
time of my life for it to
exist so I think I'm making my
objectively best music like I'm
obviously making music that's better
question mark but I love love love love
love love love supery world and some of
that older stuff okay um two orders of
business before we get down to to our
brass taxs
here
firstly we have to we have to see if I
know the Violet Pony music let's
[Music]
see that one's
easy what
that's not song of home that we just
listened to because it's in the same key
this
chord I'm going to type it but it's
probably
not okay
cool oh it's
uh at the end of the
rainbow very
good that one needs not even not even a
second fair
amount that's a I was
afraid is that hibern I feel like we
keep getting
hibernation on the Pono
doll um okay sure I'll take it that that
one was a little bit harder but I feel
like we just keep getting
hybernation oh no
uh on this thing play
sorceress I need to I want to redo
Sorcerers the song could be so much
better um okay and the other order of
businesses I consistently forget who
told me
to but wait camera
hello thank you that's better I forget
who told me to
but someone in chat told me to do the
the dragon sweet chili
Takis I've had these sitting on my my
work table over there for
like four
days waiting to do the
stream so I could give
my review
why is it
orange why is it like orange yellow okay
let's
see oh my
goodness it's
sweet it's like sweet spicy corn
chip that is not what I was expecting
well it does say sweet chili I can read
[Music]
obviously you know what I'll
say with the Taki sticks and the Taki
the blue the blue chill
whatever it took away from The Taste in
a way that wasn't enjoyable it made it
less spicy and didn't replace the
spiciness with something else
this however it it's not spicy this is
not spicy even a little bit but they
replace it with a flavor that's actually
like very
interesting yeah I [__] with it sure
this is good I like it I I still love
normal Takis uh and this has like no
dust
but this is good I like it
but I'm not here for the Takis
review
um I'm going to be having a little bit
more free
time
so for the for the foreseeable
future and because of that I decided
I like straight up have been I haven't
played a lot of video games the past few
years here and there but the ones I do
play tend to be like me replaying
games um and so I'm like I I think it's
time to
finally get through the
backlog of stuff I've been meaning to
get
into
um and I'd like to
do that on
stream um if I had it completely my way
I'd probably just replay halflife one
and two again but I don't think we need
to keep doing that over and over again
on
stream also I have played Night in the
Woods
yeah
but it's time for me
to go with the backlog of games I've
been wanting to play
and uh oh would you look at
that the no matter what 2024 art
crazy what do you think of
it
um by the artist PCO
I enjoy how chill your streams are yeah
um my goal is to if I'm streaming I
wanted to be like low budget I wanted to
be just like hanging
out I don't want to I don't want [__] to
feel overproduced I don't want [__] to
feel like it's a stage show I don't want
to like put it I don't want to pretend
to have a personality I just want to
like be
normal so like just like
germa I think germa usually has a
lowbudget stream but
then but then he'll do like the [__]
dollhouse stream and the archaeology
stream so I don't know if germa's the
best
like I don't know if ger is the best
like example but I know what you mean
it's all elaborate stage show except
it's not that doesn't count that was a
commission
but what game do we start this this this
journey
on um I've decided on Disco
helium cuz I still don't know anything
about
it somehow after however long it's been
out I know like nothing about it
so let's
go and hey we're playing something
that's mactive I'm not running this
through a translation layer this time
verifying
disco it's text Heavy yeah that's why I
want to do this on stream so I can like
we can we can talk about it
bird
oh new game load game collage
we
can CES all the pictures vibration yeah
all vibration my mouse is the audio
there for you uh yeah it is I need to
configure it in just a
moment the viewers can influence
gameplay why we're not doing twitch or
anything okay what are we doing we're
doing stream audio and then we do
this there we go
this art spe
[Music]
for
okay do I accept super chats no I think
it's a waste of money
[Music]
I think the only time people should give
me money is if they get something back
that's like actually
good that's that's how I that's how I
see
this if it's a transaction where you get
something then it's valid
well the Super Chat it's like what your
message gets
highlighted that's a waste of money I
I'm reading the chat it's
okay
[Music]
um Okay
so because I'm going to be playing more
games in General on
stream I want to have a rule
where I don't want people to backseat or
like tell me what to do unless I
specifically am just like holy [__] I
have no idea what to do or ask for like
opinions but I feel like that's going to
be especially important with this
game
um so like what I need is okay that was
actually louder than I was
anticipating more
so cuz having help is fun being able to
stream and like if I'm stuck being able
to ask questions is is fun that's a
really cool resource but by default let
me fumble cuz fumbling is one of the
most fun Parts about a game especially
when you realize you're doing something
so stupidly wrong and then you finally
get it and you're just like oh my God
I'm such an idiot I I want to I want to
have that because that's what video
games
let me tell you one of the great things
about video games is they consistently
make you realize how mortal you are in
like the best way you're always going to
be stupified it's so easy to like not be
amazed by things anymore because
everything's so like
oversaturated but like you know moments
like that remind you that like hey
you're not an infinite knowledge base
and you could still make a stupid
mistake I want to make S mistakes so
that
said The
Thinker
um
okay very bad with
people dumb as a rock
um I think I'm bad with people so wait
can I create my own
character no I'll just do I'll just do
the
Thinker the furries are at home in the
mirror it is their address even the
clearest
water there is
nothing only warm primordial
Blackness you're conscious f mening it
no larger than a single grain of
malt you don't have to do anything
anymore I love your music hope you find
$1 million in your pocket tomorrow
night I really hope I don't because like
do you know how much taxes I'd have to
pay on
that I'd lose at least half of it and
then IRS would be like what the [__]
going on in
here I hope I don't find a million
dollars out of nowhere that's something
I hope doesn't
happen wait I'm sorry my favorite
character is ancient Reptilian Brain my
all-time favorite character in history
of the
world okay
ever oh ever
never
ever if you find it in your pocket I
don't think there's taxes on it if if I
wanted to even remotely deposit a
million dollars the IRS would find me
that's how they do
this they would they would the
transaction would would
would would make the rounds in the
government anyway
just don't deposit
it guys that none of this changes the
fact that I just don't want to find a
million dollars in my
pocket I just
don't first of all
because um at that point I'd be becoming
a millionaire and I find that to be
unethical so
never ever ever
baby okay an an audient AM time passes
it is early void of struggle no Ex-Wives
are contained within
it no Ex-Wives are contained within it
Ex-Wives what was X
something was was there aention or is it
just is it just the Ex-Wives thing I'm
curious about thatwas creeps up on you a
mass lies even in your dead angle
soaking in some Led acidic Source it's
bloed and
shameful all of meat surrounding you
this is a terrible line of questioning
and it will only lead to more
awareness of the meat
thing you know what I want to know about
the X something ex love ex
tenderness it is foolish of you to
resurface to the
loss not after all the damage you've
suffered to get here some of it IR
reverse
ible Stay s with me through the
abyssopelagic
Z can I go back to the lyic system what
if you found 1 million Takis in your
pocket now we're [__]
talking now you know how to speak my
language you've got it it also does
sound like Mo doesn't
it sorry that is the most insane
sentence ancient Reptilian Brain sounds
like Mo from Elden ring like you're
completely right but try saying that to
someone on the
street
um yeah sure do you
really you wouldn't like it if I told
you what was back
there why' you think you had to plon
yourself into
Oblivion or did you not sense yourself
marinating ho so much on yourself got to
be carried away did we Chef finally the
limic system was back I missed
you I'm a brave idiot somewhere in the
sore bloated man meet around you a
sensation yeah bro look of fly to the
ointment your conscious sticks to it the
limed and headed machine of pain and
undignified suffering is firing up
again it wants to walk the
desert
hurting
longing dancing to disco music
sure a stench of liquor rises from your
mouth and with it an un Godly
headache what who Am I who am I what am
I a fiery streak penetrates your skull
trying to force your eyes open it's a
sound Clarion call from hell
just really is what do you think you are
a monarch of
mon somehow you know what it is apri can
mot
[Music]
carage we have rolls we're doing rolls
[Applause]
[Music]
come on
sausage walk there
twit look at it
Commodore
red can Violet dance wait can we are
there like fortnite emotes in Disco
elium please I need to know how do we do
it telling men where to go really toly
like
look at the thing you got this
thing someone tore out the table with a
song is
playing make him floss he just listened
to path of Victory path two Victory I
missed
that I was not paying
attention is there a way I can read back
to something where I
just oh [__] this is just like legue of
Legends look I'm
orbiting text whps are gone forever okay
I have to lock in then
item
gained what's all this then Sho take it
you love that you're so hungry
on [__] panty
[__] the window stands broken in its
frame Cold Wind Blows
in visual
calculus sure why not what do you mean
assess the damage how would you do that
what are you even trying to
do did I just fail an easy roll on the
glass
breaking the morning light hurts your
eyes it's hazy but you see the ocean and
some War torn
buildings um the window stands broken in
its frame Cold Wind Blows in
put skill points into visual calculus to
open this white check wow a bad end
already it's just like
XCOM isometric point and click is when
XCOM you hear a jingle keys are clinking
in the pocket of your flare cut
pants well I guess I have no point no no
let me try this again are you
ready I guess I have no choice but to
fish them out it says whirling in rags
on the aluminium key ring there is a
single key on the ring the number one is
etched on it it should open the door the
whirling in rags is a hostile Cafeteria
on the urban Coast frequented by Dock
Workers
turn on you Dopey
boy this fan has two chainal switches
one ends in a tiny fan the other in a
light bulb a truly horrific nectar has
somehow attached itself to one of the
blades I don't speak French what does
this mean
you swoop up and catch the tie snap it's
released from the
blade oh so I can do the platforming
spinning fan get the tie from it but I
can't figure out why glass is broken got
it what you have in your head is a truly
hideous thick tie with four or five
different
patterns the not reminds you of a
noose a terrible mistake turn the lights
off immediately you can practically feel
the photons burning a hole in your
brain the lights are
off a terrible mistake turn the lights
off immediately the lights a ter the
light a ter light a the light a the
light a light a the light a the light
the light a terrible mistake the lights
are off
the light the light the light the light
the
light the the the light the lights are
the blades come squeaking to a
halt the switch must be broken because
nothing
happens the air in the room is starting
to feel like vaporized urine the switch
must be broken the the the switch must
be broken because nothing happens
the air in the
room the fan stands a terrible mistake
the lights a ter your eyes burn with
photosensitivity it's not
good going [__]
D I like this guy I'm not a [__]
they should have sent a poet
sure put that [__] on dude what's all
this
done a mirror hangs above a bent and
broken sink in a fierce discharge of
masculine energy someone has ripped half
the foret
off your glasses over flowing with the
slaughter have you no
remorse still smiling flank and vainly
in the mirror over your dead
horse was this not the same Eno that
founds Empires and lays waste to cities
ver uncaring towards the little
things
what Ela
in L
what probably not
no hot water sprays from the faucet's
base and steam covers the mirror you
cannot see yourself just the vague
impression of a
man suddenly you realize you have no
memory of the face that awaits you there
underneath the so
Vapor really all recollection of the
person you are the people in your life
and even the world you're in has drowned
in a sea of blood alcohol this was no
mere night of drinking it was a deluge
of world ended
proportions really or as you slowly
reach your hand towards the surface of
the mirror abort you clearly have not
thought this through
you won't like what you see there and
you will never unbecome
it what is Inland
Empire yeah there is definitely
something wrong with
it where to even
begin there is the
bloatedness then the
swollenness it's like there's an
upholstery of alcohol underneath your
skin it's not your nose feels like a
small balloon in the middle of your face
it hurts when [__] he's a balloon
Champion it doesn't appear to be a
particularly tiny nose either not with
all the drinks it's absorbed for you
it's not it's swollen and snail-like
wriggling between your fingers don't say
that about the balloon champ ion he's
the balloon Champion Christ's sake he's
a balloon
Champion
behold
okay
just
just behold
there he is the world famous balloon
Champion can you believe it
guys it's the world famous balloon
Champion you have no idea who this thing
is do
you what is this whatever it is at least
it's dead now there's clearly rigamortus
on your face oh wait is that an
expression are you trying to make an
expression with that
face please stop it's horrible you're
scaring yourself you can't can you it's
like it's not even voluntary anymore you
have worn that grin into your face and
now it won't come off yeah what does it
even mean what is the emotion you're
trying to convey
why am I trying to decide the balloon
Champion's emotions right
now honestly it's it's for the ladies
please promise yourself you are not
going to try on any of the ladies
whatever
happens I promise liar you liar you
can't even tell the truth to yourself go
ahead try
something it belongs in the new the
third decade of the current century
enough time had passed from the failure
of the Revolution that for a fleeting
moment free market economy seemed like
the ultimate uncontested way of life for
our
species thank you for telling me this
encyclopedia things were good it was
smooth sailing people made gold and
champagne tinted inas and facades to
suit the times calling this the new
style but more importantly disco
happened forever sha your city that
meant only one thing Gom
lilon why French why are you French if
it doesn't rhyme you're not pronouncing
it
right okay out of the dazzling swirl of
disco music in an open air wat deui
somewhere in riversol West gom's blond M
appeared on the screen he sang some
[__] then he made the expression
I guess that's
in everyone loved it maybe you thought
some of the Stardust would rub off on
you maybe it did either way it's all
gone now only the Grimace
remains some 20 odd years there is a
vast ocean of time between right now and
the expression looking good on you or
anyone Humanity has run ground in that
time it's a different world now the
expression is a
relic I feel like I'm not entirely
understanding what's happening just yet
but I'm sure it's cuz I'm missing
context also yeah Grimace Grimace
smoking weed.
jpeg everyone should stream chat pile
you have some understanding of the near
history of disco the rest is Darkness
aside from the useless fact that the
motor Carriage outside was a capri
Cana I feel like I need to add a
clicking sound when I make it the click
is used to spur on a horse it also
features heavily in gam lon's Regional
Mega hit don't worry your pretty little
head mhm it doesn't have to be you could
Swoon over Gom and a champagne cook
smile whenever you want to maybe some of
the Stardust will
return it's too late like an image on
film the
expression belongs to your primary motor
cortex it would take a minor
neurological miracle for you to cease
producing it
what about a major neurological Miracle
now how about one of those because I do
those on a daily
basis so the expression is just like
just the smirk
sort
thoughts
wait you idiot you need the other shoe
this guy's a [__]
idiot doesn't even know how to shoe
I can internalize it would take four
hours one of the thoughts was homosexual
where I wasn't even looking at
this like the actual
words homosexual
guys did I AC just start playing a woke
video
game I can't believe it everything needs
to cater to
me I hate when something's
different guys everything has to be the
same balloon Champion video game from
when I was a
child or else I think I should just kill
somebody body you know what I mean
mean I like that I can't like look
anywhere else without moving
around I genuinely mean it though if
like if
someone if someone doesn't have enough
going on in their life that they have to
freak out about any like queerness in a
video game like
I feel really happy for them that they
don't have any life struggles
whatsoever that [__]
locked do it
again all right Bull on champion
oh look who learned how to walk
that's
money my in my gamer instinct is to take
the money but what if what if someone
gets mad I don't give a
[__] wait the balloon Champions leaving
the
building it's the1 million TI it stop
stop it just just just stop
it
um well look who finally came out of
their bedroom from hibernating I'm going
to [__] throw
up I've chosen the bad
ending hello
officer what I can't be aab [__] off
I missed that text again
oh I don't know what that
meant wait
I wish I could like do this in his head
like we go
backwards this guy's a [__] idiot
doesn't even know how to open a door I'm
much smarter than
that the young woman raises a cigarette
to her
lips her eyes are brown and her face is
speckled with birth marks she can't be
more than
28 a silver jumpsuit falls off her like
scale armor
sparkling this is the sparkle of too
many nights out on the
city uh
no
what because you're a police officer
sir okay the game's not woke anymore
I am yes unless you've been feeding us a
set of very well rehearsed lies all this
time you've been here for 3 Days on
Official Police business no less
couldn't say in truth so far mostly
drinking you have no doubts about the
drinking but do you strike yourself as a
tight liit drunk she must have heard
something so okay
the the the idea is that I am physically
inside this person's mind and I'm and
I've taken over presumably maybe he died
and now I'm
like I'm I I have his
corpse and I'm just like parading it
around the balloon Champion himself is
that what I'm
doing is that is that what's happening
right now
I are the lizard brain b
expression um it's just Dawning on me
now is
uh how how
would is this game even appropriate to
play on stream all the way through I
just realized
I feel like I've seen a lot of people
play it on stream so I feel like it's
fine
but okay
cool well we always have the type we
always have emergency
we we always have emergency tiberious so
something goes wrong that's that's what
tiberious will save us from Hells and uh
that's how I broke my foot so
who in the right mind will let me be an
officer of the law just still have the
elf screen is that even a
[Music]
question who in their right mind would
let me be an officer of the law don't be
so harsh on yourself they let almost
anyone be a police officer woke is back
on the menu everyone
could it be because of the
drinking the cigarette sizzles she
hasn't had time to put her makeup on
this is her morning cigarettes she looks
tired her beauty waning faster than it
ought to as her
age she Nots
there's a mercenary out back he's been
hanged the body has been there for a
week now the locals probably got tired
of it and called the cops I didn't mean
to overwhelm you with information you
seem a bit lost
officer do I try Okay asking advice now
do reard the
expression I can't tell if this is silly
or thinly veiled
misogyny try
it the expression always
works the words have already left your
[Laughter]
mouth what was that that's not even how
words are used what did you say come on
say it again no I don't want the LR come
on man Freddy please one more
time no I can't just keep saying the
same thing over and over again I'm sorry
I didn't mean to hurt your feelings no I
don't want
to goodbye person who seems like they
have a Dutch
name something stirs in you as she's
about to go call it an instinct a need
the need to ask questions it's like you
said the words a million times before
she looks back at you a light glinting
off her
eyes
yes is it 51 now common balloon Champion
L just say okay you can go now oh my God
I have
$40 it's $829 that's almost
328 we should went back the time six
minutes should I a Turn Back
Time 40 Takis
yo uh is it 51 now it's
51 what century the current Cur Century
what's that centuries don't have numbers
they have names and this is the current
one civilization has existed for 8,000
years
sir what's so funny you're right there
is nothing funny about
civilization no it's pretty funny I hear
Gandhi is like kind of a n NC aholic
trapaholics we make your eard drums
bleed
you're in a hosel
sir we are in
reval we're in Rachel Revel is the
disgraced former capital of the world
divided into zones of control under
foreign occupation half a century after
a failed World Revolution she is Central
to Our Moment In
Time Rachel
Rachel forever says the balloon champion
of the
world you sure look like you're from Ral
rishal parties her accent suggests she
is not from around here she's from Aran
another part of the
world there was theual
rockus loud disco
music disco
music disco music being listened to by
the disco balloon world champion of the
universe of the
world she's from
Orange I couldn't say it's impossible to
hear people speaking from over
here oh yes various artists ostentatious
orchestration Prime among
them oh that yeah whoo the less said
about o the better
we don't talk about ostentation
orchestrations sorry let's try this
again we don't talk about ostentatious
orchestrations oh
oh still can't tell the bulling champion
of the world is a good thing or bad
thing I don't
know I just keep saying it it means
whatever you want it to mean o were huge
where I come from I was very young then
of course like seven
life gets hard but we go
on I don't know about that at around
2:00 disco stopped and there was a
change of
pace a slow sad song started playing
like organ music on repeat that went on
for quite a while some of the time you
were yelling along to it
yes there was a church in there a really
small Church like the smallest saddest
Church in the whole world it was about
that and
also that it doesn't matter anymore and
That We're Alone Now it was difficult to
tell the song itself was very quiet and
soft but you sounded like a wounded boar
sir it was hard to understand what you
were singing on top of it
then you started screaming and trash the
place no it didn't sound like there was
a fight it sounded like someone was
trashing their room a window was smashed
the tape player probably the song
stopped and furniture too a real destruc
Theon they was screaming then I think uh
you passed out
it Prides me to hear this there was I
think you screamed that you didn't want
to be this type of animal anymore I may
have misheard but it was sort of
memorable why does this person remember
every single detail about the
Universe I can barely remember what I
ate for lunch
today I went out afterwards everything
was quiet by then around 4 or 5 and that
was
it thean Mom
now glad to have been of
assistance I can't tell if they're being
sarcastic or
not yeah I should have to open on
doors can I look at this now the window
stands broken in its frame Cold Wind
Blows in oh
wait turning the light on help this the
shards face outward whatever broke this
window came from the inside a fine web
of scarring covers the back of your
right hand but none of it is recent more
likely a projectile than a held object
there are no fragments on the floor from
pulling a tool back in after
impact it is too large for a bullet yet
too small for a piece of
furniture you're looking for something
heavy and larger than your fist the
single green shoe you found fits the
hold almost as well as your foot it
would have also been heavy enough if
thrown with Force congratulations
you smashed the window with your own
shoe now you only have one if you're
lucky you can still find the other one
on the balcony outside the door to it
should be outside your
room the Cool Wind gushes in your toes
curl up from the
cold interesting creating my own quest
line or maybe it just wants to think
that okay well he says no
so
okay so here's a question am I able to
like Place
items am I able to place items
or is that not a thing hold
tab I am holding
tab I'm trying to interact with the
record player or the tape player
rather it's not really
working
yeah also tab works but also right click
is the one I've been
using the door is
closed Trump the
M Trump big ass
Trump it's called big ass
Trump not going I go get your shoe oh
Where
Oh I thought this was going to leave me
out outside all the way
[Music]
through finally
shoes those she's giv me
[Music]
stats the pants make me really [__]
good at
[Music]
electrochemistry there they both are two
identical shoes both copiously green and
indiscriminately Snak skin reunited on
your feet like two baby
crocodiles it's pretty clear a normal
cop is not what you are good they're
balanced comfy feels like the only good
thing about you right now truth be told
okay bro
I'm not
normal I think you're more normal than
balloon
Champion wait oh
sorry I don't know what I'm
doing I'm actually playing this like
League of Legends I keep clicking
orbiting yeah you can be more normal
than the balloon Champion too
let me sing on
it let me sing on it oh say can you see
can you see the
videos oh
the oh the
vide right 21 all right
you should totally sing karaoke here the
first chance you get your emotions need
to be expressed people need to know your
vast Oceanic Soul okay what is Inland
what is Inland Empire why is this
different why
is what is Inland
Empire my soul is amened immense
utterly and it needs to be heard through
a PA system by other
people you should sing the sad small
church song from that tape you found
thought it was
obvious why am I arguing with the Inland
Empire I want to argue with the Ottoman
Empire read the descriptions of all the
skills in the menu okay
no no don't sing the Happy song it's
stupid sing the sad song it's
profound oh my God this person's a re
your music user you would need another
copy of the tape first though the one
upstairs is
destroyed Quest sing karaoke
okay knowledge logic well some of these
are
self-explanatory
persuasion Factor
creativity okay this this is what I was
a little confused
about human Empire hunches and gut
feelings dreams and Waking Life
so this is like it's discretizing
different parts of the body particularly
mental ones or chemical
ones this is kind yeah this like D and D
but with a million extra
steps connect to Station 41 okay we're
got to make sure this one's like the
least skill
tab
oh oh my goodness so much okay I could
do all this right now
but charm men and women what about
people who are not men and women
oh okay wait I just realized these are
organized like
this flex your
muscles be
strong be
hard be
strong be hard
F your
muscles you know what I
mean I can't be loud it's like 3:00
a.m. oh that
oh I thought electrochemistry was like
I'm really good at like working with
electronics turns out
it doesn't mean that it means to go to
Party Planet you [__]
[__] raise the hair in your neck tune
into the
city let the body set the flow threaten
people
okay okay
I can go to his party
city oh this is just the
sneak wait this really is [__] DND
D
okay I'll read the extented description
for you
how do I see my available skill points
is that a thing
okay can I put my shoes in these slots
internal is internalizing is passive oh
okay oh I think I understand how that
works so
the it's good
twink a man in his late twins stands
behind the counter inspecting a stuffed
seabird as you approach he gives you a
sideways glance then looks down again
everything is cool between you and this
guy he's a big fan make some small
talk
failure a competent work of Taxidermy
the white and brown seabird lies among
piles of coasters and drying mugs one of
its wings broken the man is trying to
mend it looks like the bird was ripped
off the shield that was used to mount it
most likely on a wall this is the great
skuer the seabird is the symbol for the
discovery of the insulindian
Isola the part of the world you are in
right now insulindian
Isola the small steel tag says as much
the great skuer St karus
skuer look your buddy is over there
why don't you go and talk to him
okay he pretends not to hear you
concentrating on the bird
instead no I'm not the bartender I'm the
cafeteria manager he's very animated all
of a sudden this seems like a touchy
subject what's the difference I have
three cafeterias to manage three Sylvie
tends the bar here not me I'm only
standing in okay s I'm fancy s she just
you
know his eyes Dart from left to right
this man isn't lying but he is hiding
something so now you're a cop forget
it no this game's not accurate a real
cop would just arrest him and be done
with
it cause him to have a bail of like
$100,000 for
arguing and a jail sentence that makes
no
[Music]
sense he's resisting arrest get him yeah
this is America God damn it we arrest
people for every reason but reasons we
should arrest them
for oh my God
hot
everybody Monday is back on the menu I
know I know I know we've been waiting
for
this I I know we've been waiting for
this for a long long time but Monday is
back on
the so I drive my car into like a Burger
King and stuff
what oh I thought I was like can I is
that a fire extinguisher or that
wouldn't make any sense that's tinier
sure I'll take that I hope this gu chill
with
that the man plucks at the seabird
frowning I would do it if I I would do
it smiling
[Music]
a large
bubble I got to shake my head to let
people know I don't agree with
that uhuh Monday is back on the menu
[Music]
guys the secret the secret is it a
secret
money someone is
working strike poster for a union some
red penants give me the
money give me the
money everyone was going crazy the
moment I stepped out here and the twink
was in view so just for you I'm going to
avoid them as much as possible
let me in I'm normal I could be trusted
around
[Music]
juicers let me in there's there's coins
collecting all the
coins can I go back here can I jump over
how do I jump over
[Music]
how do I
leave and I want to talk to the
twink let me go
oh thank God the door as you approach
the door leading out of the hostel the
bed man in an orange bomber jacket turns
to you excuse me I think you may be the
person I've been waiting
for okay French on the sleeve of his
bomber jacket as well as on its back are
the same enigmatic white rectangles as
on your
Blazer hello I'm Kim kitsuragi
Lieutenant prison 57 you must be from
the
41st you realize he's waiting for your
name concentration makes you squint your
eyes your name should be deep gold and
orange like a forest fire looming on the
horizon but mixed with the stench of
liquor rising from your breath you're
two steps closer to it
but there are still many to
go it is not yet time okay
then it looks like we had a little
skiding error on Sunday Saturday too
actually have you had time to talk to
the manager
here what he means is he has been trying
to meet up with you for 2 days but you
have been otherwise occupied
I am
Steve this guy doesn't [__] know who
Steve
is you mean the guy is talking to you if
you don't mind we should talk to him
again ask him for a rundown of the area
know that I'm here as well I understand
the scene is old back right it also
wouldn't hurt to assure him the police
are finally here in full force I mean
have you mapped out the initial
interviews at the 57th we like to
prepare an initial list of Persons of
Interest and then just skim the surface
prepare the field get to know the
players you don't do that maybe it's not
an interdistrict practice yo listen to
mon Monsters and I'm now checking your
other works levier thank you so much the
next thing you should listen to is
excited about
burger that is the next thing you should
listen to for
me take it
away okay we'll have time for that after
we take a look at the coron's
case have you removed the dead body from
the
tree okay sorry guys if people are ever
like oh my God just listen to Monarch
it's great what do I listen to next
three answers you should give them one
excited about Burger two I'm Creek flow
three the cahoot
remix that's what you should tell people
sound good sound good
nice I don't like dead bodies sure but
did you take it down from the
tree I used FL Studio in a Paradise
Valley so the buddy is still in the tree
where it has been hanging for 7 days
straight we should go there as soon as
we are done talking to the
owner talk to the manager then we go out
back and take the body down I can't see
you drank last night and the night
before and that you still drunk now but
I have seen officers go through worse
much worse if you need something for
your headache there is a general store
near by but as I said the dead body
should be our number one
concern well having a headache make it
harder to work with the dead body in the
tree because when I work with the dead
body in the tree the dead body in the
tree that has been there for so long the
dead body in the tree which the balloon
Champion must take a look at the
headache May prevent me from interacting
with the dead body in the tree what does
everyone think about the balloon guy
I was sent here to meet a detective from
prisin 41 you have the Insignia of the
citizens militia on your sleeve and on
your back I suppose you could be
impersonating him you could have gotten
the Insignia from the black market or
forged it but for now I'm going to set
those possibilities aside I'm not from
the Inspector
General I heard a silly sound what was
that sound inspector at general means
Internal
Affairs what he's saying is he's not
from the rat Squad and isn't supposed to
suspect such
things
wait Stitch snitches get stitches type
[__] holy [__] yes but I'm not them I'm
from criminal
investigation
yes they not just white rectangles they
bear a hogen watermark with the letters
RCM and a pattern resembling the street
grid of Ral West everyone is so like
this is so unrealistic everyone's just
like so like open to just telling this
guy everything he should know about the
world she like who am I I know exactly
who you are you're this you're this
you're that you're this you're that
you're the balloon champion of the
world I would ask you to step into the
headlights of my motor Carriage but
again it's none of my concern I just
need you to do your job wait did he just
say kill
yourself do that what does that what
just
happened did he just did he just like
kill yourself in like disco elium
style you mean you don't have a
badge he's super surprised of you you
should step in front of a motor Carriage
now losing your identification card is a
serious matter my vehicle has a short
wave you can use it to report your badge
missing I would advise you to locate it
as quickly as possible but getting the
body down should still take precedence
you should disco now
wait
okay can I can I can I talk about the
scop that that silver and I are
starting uh me and silver we we had this
thought of like we're going to start a
scop to start saying like Call of Duty
kill medal names as like slang and just
like try and get people to like like
think that it's always been normal to
like do that
so
like uh I was I going to quote some of
the things that we said because I was on
a call with Neco Snicker and and silver
today I one and my favorite one is like
when something's like really cool like
it's really good it's like oh [__]
that's like that's like kind of first
blood not going to lie that's just so
first Blood like no one's ever said this
no no one's ever said [__] like this
like like on a common level but we need
to like we were going to start like
saying it and just see if people would
be like will catch on and be like oh
[__] yeah that was first Blood no way
and like say if anyone asks questions
it's like it's always been like that
what do you mean wow the gas light is
already
working um [__] oh my
God Neco said I think they the funniest
one they're like oh you need if you need
to go to like the restroom honestly you
you got to do a drop shot like guys can
I be V I had to do a drop shot right now
I [__] lost I couldn't deal with it
look at the [__] me the drop
shot guys I have to AFK and do a drop
shot real
quick I'm about to go nuclear ac130
above you know what I
mean why did I bring that
up oh think cuz we were talking about
like instead of like say say kill
yourself you like step in part of the
headlights of a motor Carriage right
now that's so
UAV okay no wait what okay wait wa wait
I I I worked more on my love as a quick
scope and one of the lyrics is UAV in
the air UAV in the air you won't know
I'm
there it's crazy it's
crazy the quick scope era truly begins
on the scup has finally worked
after you
officer Lieutenant kitsuragi is now in
your party you can talk to him whenever
by interacting with him what I picked up
a
twink why did it just deliver a twink to
me I didn't ask for this
hello
sweetie wait who's
sweetie why you are
officer you're a handsome man officer
with your mustache and your chiseled Jaw
and that silly dimple on your
chin take heart officer you're still a
man in your
crime you must forgive me I'm getting so
scatterbrained I completely forgot to
introduce
myself Victor from
arcade really is the the twink of the
universe Lena the crypto zoologist like
wife I'm Lena my husband Morel and I are
staying with our friend Gary just down
the street but I come here for to when
they're
away this Lena is wacky enough for the
mutle crew hire her on the spot what
wacky enough for the mly
crew she's so
wacky yes officer you look rather
dazed like a stunned Fox but surely
things can't be that
bad oh
my you know where we are
right in
it does still look like that in some
parts of the city doesn't
it kindly old woman make her a member of
the midnight crew we are in a hostel
called the whirling and Rags dear and
the whirling itself is in the city of
Revel Rachel but you spelled it wrong
but that's okay
how would I even begin to tell you Revel
is the most beautiful city in the world
we're fortunate to be here you and I I
haven't seen very many other cities
personally but everyone says so Revol is
a rare Jewel this city used to rule the
world though it has seen better
days ghosts we're ghosts holy [__] does
the balloon champion of the universe
want to like talk about Call of Duty
Ghosts no way the quick scope era has
truly begun speaking of History you know
what year it is yes it's the spring of
51 that's right dear how Splendid here
take this pen knowledge should always be
rewarded wait did I just get the balloon
Champion pen of the universe for saying
the year right
now
hooray I'm so good at
like stuff her relief is palpable she
was getting pretty worried about you
there but now she relaxes her shoulders
I can tell that this is taxing for you
so I'll just ask one more question what
regime are we live in under what mode of
government cop we are living under the
cop
regime intelligent machines that perform
calculations to determine the freest
Market radios are being used to control
people's minds and distort our
perception of reality Fierce Warriors
who Traverse the planes on
steeds I just want to say cop we're Liv
out to the cop regime actually we are
not you could say that about almost any
other Nation but not reval try one more
time officer that mode of
government I'm sorry Lena I think we're
living under the
regime oh
sweetie it's really not there used to be
people who thought that way other people
who wanted those things but they all
went extinct reval is a zone of control
LED by an alliance of foreign powers
called the
Coalition we have almost no government
of our own and certainly no dictatorship
of the
proletariat proletariat but they still
have
cops
mhm oh dear this is
troubling you really ought to know that
being one yourself there aren't any cops
in rivol not in the traditional sense
the status of law enforcement has been a
complicated matter since the revolution
but we should stop for for today sweetie
you look like you need a break besides
I'm not the best person to explain the
big things to anyone but you're the
cryptozoologist
wife you even know how balloons work
she's scared now she's realized you
really are brain
damaged a defeat I'm afraid the people
of this archipelago tried to build
something new something different the
rest of the world didn't like it so they
came and ended it this was 42 years
ago it has something to do with
everything I really don't know how to
explain it better you didn't do too well
dear you really only knew what year it
is it does look like you're having
trouble remembering things history and
place is reality in a word it's very odd
aide the lieutenant beares his nose in
his notebook but maybe a fresh set of
eyes is what the world needs and while
I'm no doctor such bouts of Amnesia are
often temporary so I I wouldn't worry
too
much I wouldn't worry too much about not
remembering reality someone more
educated in sweeping matters maybe you
should
ask no I'm not an encyclopedia I won't
be a guide either I'm a detective thank
you twink of course then I don't know
someone Rich maybe wealthy people are
educated though I don't know where you
would find a wealthy person in Martinas
don't you worry when I find them I'll
kill them that's a good point this
doesn't look like Rich Central how do
you like to roll with me whatever do you
mean what are sequence
killers serial
killers sequence Killers oh
my but I think you already have a
partner sweetie a partner who needs you
to help him get a corpse d from a tree
partner
wait are they flaggy
Waggy no way 21 the balloon Champion's
kind of like a fruit basket in the
making woke and Monday are both back on
the menu with this
one Kim of course I forgot I had
you I can assure you with absolute
certainty there are no sequence killings
taking place in
Martinez okay guys there are no serial
killers in the land of mayonnaise no way
now gentlemen no need to
squabble I wouldn't be of much use to
you anyway
sweetie thank you but martines isn't the
most we chair accessible place you see
I'd slow you down this is America
perhaps another
time of course dear good luck with your
case the Royal pinball machine is
unplugged this looks like a job for the
balloon world
champion twink to twink communication
begin the man with the unimpressive
beard notices you approaching he drops
The Ledger he was holding and turns to
the
lieutenant Mr G
right you run this place this voice
acting is so [__] good by the way
like drop the jokes for just a second
the art the voice acting this is so
captivating
yes I am Kim kitsuragi from prison 57
this is an interdistrict investigation
so joining me from prison
41 I'm currently in between names
fantastic
fantastic that's wonderful really I
think so but there's a dead body out
that no one wants to work in these
conditions it's been a week Sarah I
understand your concern but we are here
to do a job and for us to do it I need
you to stay
calm yeah this this the voice acting for
specifically Kim but everyone's great
but like specifically Kim is like really
really really good and the voice for the
internal whatever like The Reptilian
Brain or whoever is speaking to me like
my internal thoughts or whatever is like
really good too
anyway these two are gay yes of
course yes of course I know it took us a
while to arrive at the scene but it also
took you a while to call us it was you
who placed the call correct no I only
just got here it was probably Sylvie who
called you she usually works the bar
here I'm only temporarily taking over
her duties do you have her number as a
matter of fact I
do this sounds like something you can
use to call this Sylvie later you said
you just got here from where are you a
local what of martines no I live in
Jamrock I only sometimes come here to
keep an eye on the place this is just
one of the many many cafeterias I manage
was this guy rich but you still know
your way around yes in case we need
directions not to spoil much one of this
canonically is gay they're all gay
yes I know where some things are but as
I said I don't live here I just used to
work here and I'm not going to start
working here again if that's what you
think I didn't imply that
detective another thing also the accents
are all over the place like everyone has
a different accent from a different
region he probably means this is where
you step in and ask your
questions his face expresses Prof found
a doubt in your having this ask him
about the body's location before ask him
if he killed him people give up
information in the more innocuous
questions which you can later use in the
more Sinister ones not vice
versa behind this building there's a
courtyard they hoisted him up on a tree
there that's easy see that door there
first you exit through that then to your
right you should see a big hole in the
fence a really big one you can get to
the Courtyard through there no need for
the keys the hole is big enough for the
Franco Nigerian Cavalry to fit
through S exit through that and on your
right over this way so that means West
is this way meaning North is this
way do directions
matter this man means the heavy Cavalry
of the innocent Franco negro sweeping
over the Plains and nations of the
enemies of mankind fifth century style
unified currency and the concept of cool
came in their way they wore Lamela and
carried guns but first and foremost
Franco Nigerian heavy Cavalry was really
one that hole in the fence must be
enormous haven't you asked me that
already what is it with you and this
woman she has nothing to do with
this okay you got me she went away
because of the dead body out back and
because I asked for her number that's
why Sylvie went away I hope you
appreciate that oh my God God a fail
girl thank
you I asked an employee out she didn't
want to come but felt obliged to it was
a bad idea now what is so godamn
fascinating about that for you it's got
nothing to do with the
lynching
lynching if it's an accurate use of the
word once
again
America this is America right this is
some sort of American
thing is that being used as racial
subtext or is that just like they just
threw that word in
there cuz I feel like it's just it's
a that is a lot of
contention you really shouldn't use that
word
inappropriately so I'm like not sure
what the deal is with with that
particular word being
is if anyone knows
yeah that was a big word to
drop
um yeah okay I'm I'm I'm wondering about
that good for you uh was there something
else
I'd like to get back to what I was doing
I don't know who killed him I'm not the
police that's your job this is it he
said they hoisted him up on a tree who
is this they if he doesn't
know oh people are saying it was the
union Dock Workers that it was a
lynching okay the word again the locals
the customers the people who eat here a
lot of Dock Workers eat here Sylvie told
me everyone knows the dog workers did
it did the deers themselves tell her
this or is it a rumor I don't really
know you'll have to ask
her I would suppose it's because they
have nothing better to
do you mean the
strike yes the strike the man they
hanged was a security guard for the
harbor company out here a mercenary that
unionists probably thought they'd send a
message what are you crazy of course I
didn't kill him a lieutenant turns the
page in the little notebook he's been
scribbling in let's
go not so fast you owe me 130 rale
what's
real oh excuse me you owe me 130
real the I or inter isol real is the
global Reserve currency whatever part of
the world you're in right now it's safe
to assume he means you owe him some
money by real do you mean some form of
street cred no you don't owe me street
cred you owe me money you owed this
establishment 130
Royale you're under
arrest this guy really is a [__]
cop like you're saying I have to pay for
things
what what is money what are you a
philosopher I might be money is what
grownup people use to pay for things
things like this hostel room or or eight
bottles of potent blend and nine packs
of Royal extra we use it for everything
really where do I get it from are you
serious from your work I don't know you
can take bribes I guess I'm sorry I
don't think cops can take
PES oh twink you don't know a thing some
do take recompense but don't need to
survive why do I need it for survival to
pay me unless you want to become a hobo
do you want to become a hobo there's
nowhere else to stay in martines and
it's a cold spring outside money doesn't
make you happy but it lets you be
unhappy for a while
longer if you run out of money you die
it's like that for all of us me too
that's why I need you to pay me I'm not
an
[__] is this money yes it
is no you see that's 40 cents cents are
a form of currency 100 times smaller
than the roale
I'm not even going to take this come
back when you have 130
Royale 100 times smaller
yes okay the cafeteria manager stands
silently looking at the coppers on the
counter before
him isn't it evil the order of magnitude
between what is asked of a person and
what they have
Darkness
rides there's a shuffle of nylon as
Lieutenant kitsuragi looks for something
in the pockets of his orange
bomber what happens now I'm sorry but he
has to pay I can't let him stay here any
longer if he doesn't if he doesn't have
the money by tonight then officer maybe
you're better off working this from home
for now you live in Jamrock right it's
not that far away
I'm sorry I couldn't help more you
should take this up with your station I
have a shortwave radio in my car okay we
have to get this investigation started
now good
luck good
luck by the way where is Home the
address is coming up blank and this
place sure isn't
it but you've been at this hostel
cafeteria for for only three nights
where were you before you had to be
somewhere Marvel
Hill why did you say
that no but isn't that an expression not
a place a saying up on Marvel Hill a
great high place one that is impossible
to climb back to that doesn't sound like
somewhere you can stay if you run out of
money
hobocop you can try run some addresses
in your head when you get the time maybe
a street or an apartment will appear
still got some time to think about
this I need to research
homosexuality
hop I still don't really know what's
going on about this so I'm going to do
this instead I want to internalize the
long Lonesome Long Way Home
um oh
monkey I sell my
shoes they don't have a
price I can't get Gay Thoughts until day
two or three this game's a [__]
nightmare
yes no response he just arches his brow
he's having trouble processing it
believing it
even have you tried concentrating on
something other than your personal
affairs fine we should get through this
day first off hours begin at 9:00 p.m.
if you're still having trouble then I
can give you an
orientation not a fan it's just the
nature of lieutenancy the RCM deploys a
self-style structure called the deage as
its chain of command every Lieutenant is
responsible for two sergeants and eight
officers that means the average
Lieutenant has to deal with quite a few
personal affairs even even you know
this try work the K is at hand it can
work
miracles focus on other people's
troubles not your own that is a
relief the moment passes the lieutenant
glances at the sports watch on his
wrist you seem to be following me what
do you want to
know maybe you can tell me what you do
know to help me narrow it down a
bit then you are not that far behind
actually do you want me to brief
you 3 days ago the RCM emergency's desk
received a report about a security guard
who was found hanged in Martinez an
anonymous caller said there was a dead
body behind the whirling in rags hostel
cafeteria the cadav had been there for 4
days no one had come to investigate
during that time the victim had been
stripped of his belongings the caller
did not identify him but used the word
lynching there is an ongoing labor
dispute between the local Dock Workers
and the logistics company wild PS I was
told we should approach the death as
part of this dispute okay so the word is
very intentional it would
say they didn't identify themselves in
any way the tone was muffled using a
device of some sort the desk could
identify neither the colos age or sex
there's a strong prejudice against
involving the RCM in what's seen as
Union matters the do workers union is
the de facto police in
Martinez now it appears they've started
executing too we cannot allow
that that says the r citizens militia
where are the police in this
city the RCM or the rol citizen militia
is the police force you and him are part
of a self-organized Peace Corp of the
occupied city of riversa the RCM
operates within a legal Twilight yet
it's Authority is rarely questioned it's
super useful to know
this
okay that's right
I'm afraid you and I are Pawns in a a
pissing
competition you don't know I assumed you
were in on
it that's good better still than an MBE
cup off it's just stupidity we shouldn't
waste any more time on it if you want my
take ask me after we've inspected the
victim
later was there anything else you wanted
to know about the
case you mean like a brief do you want
me to brief you again there's no reason
to Wing anything if you didn't get the
brief that's okay I did 3 days ago the
RCM emergency's de during that time the
victim had been a security guard or
worker of some sort hired by well Pines
they didn't ident there's a strong
prejudice against involving the RCM in
just to be clear we are police officers
it's our job to find a killer no it's
not a particularly mysterious case the
deceased is a security guard for a
corporation involved in a labor dispute
it doesn't take a doarian poly to put
the pieces together I just don't see the
case getting more mysterious understand
that what if it gets more mysterious
than
that okay so the case probably isn't
mysterious but could it be
sexy there was some interest in this
case at my station but not for the
reasons you have in mind you seem to
wish the
was excellent was there anything else
good so we're going through this door
now
no
wait the theme on that pinball machine
is a standard royalist theme used on
everything from pinball cabinets to full
flavor cigarettes clinging to a
picturebook version of the past Century
w W in for the king to come back and
cast out all the propers and homosexuals
basically imagine a yellow plastic crown
with a liquor brand em blazent on it
wait is this pinball machine
homophobic the cont temporary period
stand still the fat Carousel of Progress
that doomed the royalists is itself
winding down our time is decelerating
into what no one
knows oh let's go around again
[Music]
again again dreams turn to I forget the
lyrics actually I think this turned to
dust oh carousel
spacal show tell you're living
C always the same a giant
balloon okay sorry car the
carousel quick blow is in the pinball
machine we're got to stop this
[Music]
okay gay
boy I have
a okay
the pissing competition is my
[Music]
quest [__] the
police hell yeah these people get it
the RCM in
Martinez what can I help you
with of course what can I help you
with of course where
too there's the pier the capeside
department buildings some more tenaments
not a lot really North is still to the
bottom right of my screen I
think so North west east south oh
hello the the mystery
button the hob Gates some kind of
commotion I think I don't follow the
local politics a fleet store
too some shops and a bridge the Canal
Bridge leads to the coast but it's
broken I think some kind of accident
prob
just Coast there's a little fishing
Village there and a fish market but that
got closed down ages
ago North is to the top left of the
screen well there's a map I think oh
there we
go this doesn't help very much
much oh actually maybe it does it said
Coast is I don't know which way they
said Coast
do it's just water no actually I think
they call it the Mones Inlet there are
some islands in the bay but they're hard
to
reach oh the
carousel every single person is my
Chanel oh the
treachery every person wants to be my
enemy what do you
mean yes sir District of Martin
is this intersection is called
roundabout North he knows where we are
he just wants
directions no
problem she's very well composed back
straight me I am just a gardener she
hides it well but behind the sweat and
dirt there is something else in her
rigid posture
is there the quickness of the reply
certainly does not prove you
wrong I'm working I have a greenhouse in
the yard
there I've been trying to get some work
done well as you probably know there's a
cops hanging from a tree there it smells
pretty bad so I have to take breaks
don't worry Miss we are here to clean it
up we can get to work soon
mhm thank
you my head is about to explode from all
the salts I've had to inhale salts
ammonium salts perhaps useful for
later of course I won't hold you
back if there's a corpse then you're
going to need those gloves for the
autopsy sure keep them I have another
pair
let me equip the
gloves I love
those bye-bye bugs [__] salt maxing
sorry you said that and the and somebody
the the user somebody posted an emoji
and uh the chat is really small on my
second screen and it looked like a snail
to me if you squint your eyes it looks
like a [__] snail and when he said
salt Max he was like oh my God we're
going to kill the snail no not
good so
sad I am a gander and a hunter and a
ga feel like a travel a simple little
Cadence he seems to be Cadence as he
goes
Cadence like Cadence you
know just
hold I can't deal with
this [__] salt maxing
why is it just titled disco that's so
funny M reference no wait wait wait wait
wait I was in like wait why did it open
this
no parallels don't open why did it open
that
Cadence as
[Music]
in I have to find the [__] Family Guy
one if I saved
it let me see if I have
it I'm just going to do the
[Music]
Cadence you know what I'm just going to
do the Cadence
where is
it wait someone someone sent this to
Elon Musk
I'm want
it I'm like looking
for all I have to do is just see Family
Guy pop up pop up my screen and I know
I'm in the right place
why do I have
this I'm going to ask the wiki
chat ask pilford Squad
does anyone have the I'm just gonna do
the Cadence
video all
right I just I just door dashed the I'm
the Cadence
video hopefully we'll get a response
very soon
soon wait while I'm while I'm looking
while while I'm waiting for a response I
wonder if I actually just have it if I
just type
Cadence no I don't see
it I do have the book of cadence though
[Music]
do you have the book of
cadence we got it we got it we got the
kid we got
it we got the video we got the video we
got the video we got the
video no not that one we got the
video oh my God Peter what an experience
but the important thing is your home
safe yeah and you know I guess I learned
something from all this you know what
we've done this a billion times so you
know I'm just going to do a Cadence
you know I'm just going to do the
Cadence here I'll play it again oh my
God Peta what an experience but the
important thing is your home safe yeah
and you know I guess I learned something
from all this you know we've done this a
billion times so you know I'm just going
to do a
Cadence sorry wait this is
like this is so [__] fire with like
the raccoon image with like the raccoon
profile
picture this is so
good thank you so much for this
okay back to this old man yowi video
game a simple little
c a simple little Cadence he seems to
wake it up as he
goes from another
planet hey there hello
Cadence Tommy
LOM I am the law you sure are my man
what's going on here it's the jam my
man the air from the East is thick with
the smell of crude oils heavy metals and
other byproducts of the modern era you
can almost taste
it it's a traffic jam for the ages arber
gates up the street are shut tight no
explanation given workers on strike
scabs agitating all around cluster [__]
Meanwhile we're all stuck here in Long
Haul limbo for days upon days upon
days upon days on
days crude oil for
days crude oil for days
crude oil for
days yeah yeah
exactly it's official he too agrees this
is the antichamber of the
afterlife yeah
exactly so how long have you been here
feels like forever like I was born on
this here roundabout and this was all I
ever knew just me in the metal in the
tires the oil in the fumes of
Mao [__] yeah dude curd oil in my
stomach curd oil am my
NES Mazo is an Antiquated term for heavy
few oils this man has a barely
suppressed performative streak or he
just likes unusual words or both
Everyone's a Critic man it's okay I've
been here a whole week
already so tell me what do you
need it's like whatever's going on over
at the Docks workers got a blockade set
up making demands no way in or out going
on strike would probably help you dodge
a bullet or
two some pretty wild stuff I hear like a
giant new power crane and half the
company I forget what exactly good on
them I guess good on them Tommy
LOM Tommy LOM was the famous actress
from the uh movie name as movie known as
lord of the
Wings he played the giant metal eyeball
in the sky known as
Dennis and uh Tommy LOM was Dennis in
the game known as lord of the wings for
The Fellowship of the wing was about two
birds uh Manny and Petty and uh they
both went to snap fish's house and
became the biggest balloon boy in the
world which is great
news so if you're looking for a little
bit of like you know something to
sprinkle in and that's how come why
you're think of that's how is your
sewing that way and
um there is going to be
five gallons of whole whole mil
delivered to your door by the two birds
the two seagulls Manny and paty um in
response to the giant eyeball on the sky
Dennis and the the big Lord of wing
which is great think about it very
good thank you for that exhilarating
Insight vid I'm going to take it away
from
here I've heard talk there's a company
rep in town too
like a strike negotiator type they' know
what's up precise demands and so on ah
yes from the wild Pines we'll meet her
soon enough I'm
sure they want to keep that money
flowing in my man
kaching kachow he doesn't blame them but
he's not on their side that's for
sure maybe you should cops don't get
paid much in the hours along plus you
can get shot why not the RCM is a
self-managing organization that operates
on donations we promote our own leaders
it could be like striking against your
own
mother okay but do continue you were
asking about the
strike anything
else yeah this ain't really my area of
expertise I just do my job and get paid
I I have things to do and places to be
all of us do us Lori drivers cam your
nurse you still hang around here waiting
for this mess to end most have scurried
off somewhere to get drunk or high or
laid not that I blame him really okay I
just heard like the sound of like a
cassette clicking does that mean
anything I've heard that twice this play
through so far not my thing Chase and
transi and Pleasures is a drag these
days I prefer the examined life now
thinking reflecting obs
serving he tries his best to look nonell
but there's a rigidity in him as if
trying to conceal something warm and
deep beneath a cool
exterior [__] it Keys into it don't go
too far this seems like a personal
matter you really are the law aren't you
I get that being bluntly observant and
inquisitive comes with the territory but
it certainly doesn't help with your
conversational skills does it maybe the
full-on direct approach wasn't correct
damn It's Tricky business looking into
someone's eyes and not doing it
wrong he ain't one of us drivers I know
that all account him for otherwise I
haven't really asked about that been
wasting time right here keep him
busy it's easy to see he's telling the
truth he's kept his nose out of the dark
stuff analyzing the fundamental
structural and psychological conditions
of being stranded in the midst of a sea
of motores and their sad despondent
chauffers ask for his
conclusion a sense of surprise there
ain't more bodies hanging from more
trees interesting oh highgrade narcotics
illegal Firearms stuff like that Relax
He's merely joking you're under
arrest can't even get a few jokes past
you my man I've got another Hall of fou
cargo mostly sporting goods tracksuits
and that kind of thing they usually get
shipped to GR in the oxident though
we've been making Headway in the IL
Moran Market lately
we're Pals and all but I can't just
freely hand out the merchandise the
bosses won't be happy this rocking
Beauty sure is like a rash you can't get
rid of you interested in heavy duty
cargo Machinery a motori also called a
cameon on Caillou and neighboring
Islands Caillou this one looks roughed
up enough to be some sort of f rust
bucket maybe the A6
good IMA man yep she's an old one but
reliable me and her spent a long time
together Manny and Petty it's Manny and
Petty as like a pedicure and a manicure
and I'm referencing
uh all right hold
on it's time for a history lesson
you guys need Jesus and by Jesus I mean
the the guide to Lord of the
Rings greetings fellow Travelers Big
Ring lover here and today I'm going to
guide you through the Epic Fantasy known
as jrpg tolson's Lauren of the Rings
trilogy directed by Tito Jackson let's
go book one the Friendship of the rim
introduced us to the world of Google
Earth beginning with the sewer home of
the hobos a race of little boys
including fraggle batches who is our
hero I [__] say fraggle batches every
day I I say this phrase so much I don't
know what the [__] it means but I get it
as well as his uncle Bingo Beckham his
cousins Maggie and pisman and his
servant Sam's Club gun jeans it was then
that Garfield the great a magical old
man arrived and gave Fredo the bad ring
which could only be destroyed by
throwing it in a volcano the ring was
also sought by the dark Wizard staran
who's under the control of Simon an eye
of great evil so Figo and the other
hadock set off on their Quest pursued by
the Grim ring Brothers they escaped to
the town of be where they met a
mysterious man named sliders with him
they traveled to the realm of Riverdale
home to the Alves such as the beautiful
Aros Smith and her father Lord Ephron
there Grand Funk returned along with the
noble man boner car and an elk named
legalized green leaf and a Smurf named
Gumball son of grin we also learned
Slimer secret name
airhorn together they formed the
Brotherhood of the wolf sworn to of me
they formed the Brotherhood of they did
this for
me the wolf sworn to protect fival as he
went West they soon came to the minds of
Moneyball where gumo the D discovered
that his family had been killed by The
Vicious Uggs who would soon attack Our
Heroes Gundam the good became locked in
battle with the beastly Red Bull and
sacrificed himself to let his friends
Escape they pressed on to the forest
realm of lost Lobos where they met Glock
and Spiel who kissed floby on top of his
head soon tensions grew as berid tried
to take the ring from finle but luckily
he was shot by the Orchid Commander litz
whose head got cut off Flicka and his
faithful sand whale were separated from
the other but they continued onwards
towards the Dark Realm of Mori later in
book two the Two Princes they
encountered the vile sneaker and his
twin brother Colin who lived underwater
meanwhile Mee base and pigeon were
captured by the oinks lein realized
they're taking the homeboy to laser tag
but in fact they escaped and found
themselves in funol Forest where they
met Mr tree who carried them the savior
50 meanwhile the fellows were reunited
with Gambit the white who is now an
angel he summoned
Carfax who was the horse they all
traveled to the kingdom of rubdown where
they met Captain Titanic who was
hypnotized by his Butler Earthworm Jim a
spy working for silly strength they
banished him and prepared for the Battle
of H's Depot they met the king's niece
AOL who fell in love with Aragon but his
heart belonged to awolf too bad
meanwhile bunny Man's brother funnyman
captured Fuego and his
companions and then let them go Against
All Odds the army of rigatoni defeated
the cops taking us to book three the
return to innocence Gandhi lios Gizmo
and King Lion King were reunited with
Manny and Petty discovered that the dark
wizard Soda Stream had died gangam
whisked Pepe to the castle of Mario
Tennis met Lord Disney Store steart of
groin who took the young epcat as a gift
meanwhile as favro approached moldun
slam jam began to grow suspicious of
Groom who soon led them into the web of
shebangs a tarantula who tried to eat
GoPro but got stabbed meanwhile aon's
father-in-law Lord eggnog gave him a
magic sword that proved he was the
rightful King of England and he ventured
into a hot cave and recruited The
Frighteners meanwhile Ferrari got
knocked out and his dad Lord dinosaur
lost his mind and caught on fire then
there was much
War I like that fire gets its own like
its own label Fire gets its own label
fire then there was much war horses AOL
defeated the worst witch King Thriller
dance died and elephants finally as part
arrived at the precipice of Big Thunder
Mountain the Ring's great power seduced
his finger but girkin attacked him and
ate the finger with the ring he fell
into the lava uttering One Last Time his
signature phrase I am precious with the
purity ring destroyed snow cone crumbled
in the year garies were defeated
glamrock summoned the Philadelphia
Eagles to rescue Fado and Slum Dog
bringing us to book for
[Music]
epilog Anakin was crowned the king of
town and married an the hubcaps returned
to their home but fuo decided that this
life was not for him and so he joined
his Uncle B B on a cruise ship with game
shark the white he kissed Snapfish on
top of the head and sailed away into the
Caribbean well that's the story of jtt
culin King of the Ring and remember if
you should ever wish to return to This
Land of Magic and
horses just ring my bell bye just ring
my
bell so true
anyway back to old man
yowi not unless theyve illegalized
sports equipment while I was on the road
the man Taps his fingers rhythmically
against his arm don't be a
stranger
okay what am I thinking about right now
still thinking about The Lonesome Long
Way Home wait why has this been
progressing
oh I can do multiple things at a
time so if I stop this then I need less
time for
this quest of
work wait should I internalize multiple
things at once or or one thing at once
or
whatever should you ever want to return
to This Land of Magic and
horses just Ring My Bell
wait so should I should I be
internalizing multiple things at once or
does it really
matter wait if I research this I lose
one
logic but who can relate
woo I don't want to be
alive I don't want to be
alive I just want to die today I just
want to die
right I need
him I'll just I'll just research two
things at
once
whatever the fog of
War wait
I just realized I can oh I don't have to
point and click I can be a video
game the fog of war the fog of
War I love the the these gloves look
like bear
claws like Bear
Paws welcome to I
don't you welcome to RI my grandfather
came here from a 3,000 year-old racist
isolationist culture while your
ancestors came to this island a m 300
years ago every school of thought and
government has failed in this city but I
love it nonetheless it belongs to me as
much as it belongs to you it's man like
you who keep Ral div I did making it
that much harder for everyone to climb
out of this post-war Limbo what he means
is fixation on the rolian nation makes
it harder for reverol to actually attain
self-determination oh come on man I just
said welcome
to It's A L driver thing I know exactly
what you meant you think my my kind
doesn't belong here that I should watch
myself and behave is it cuz he's gay
kthy you shouldn't have but you see I'm
an officer of the RCM it's actually my
job to make sure you behave I would
advise you to remember that silence the
air between them becomes tense your
partner needs backup now's your moment
to shine
you do make a cute couple you know
that the lieutenant exhales and resumes
his regular calmness whatever you say
officers he smells of heavy motor oils
and his breath of high tar content
cigarettes probably Astro
whites oh a racist Lori driver I didn't
even realize
who's your favorite character in Disco
elium I don't know racist Lori driver
didn't really like hit me the way I
think they
intended is it because Kim's
Asian oh not much anymore I'm here to
pick up some cargo but the Dock Workers
are on strike so uh it's a sit and wet
on your eyes situation oh
cran apples
apples is exactly the kind of thing
you'd say if you had something to hide
yeah apples I take it you had other
question oh not much anymore I'm here to
Apples Apples it's exact look as
detective I come from a long line of
Flory men we got ancient rights and
privileges oh I'm here to pick up a lot
of [__] apples man just regular Koo
ped apples Koo may be a another
derogative for a person from gr you
think y it's one of their man exports
they
down a beautiful place
V in fact yokata is a desolate Wasteland
whose name literally translates to zone
of ecological catastrophe it features no
Scenic Vistas and supports virtually no
plant or animal life
he means the people living in grad yeah
you know gr ni gr vul those de from
grad cuz that's what they all called
K kovic
someone low self-esteem those guys have
my you they look ocidental but they are
not really like us hey use a name and
description fit by the very Grace of
nature who am I to say
otherwise did you miss a part where I
said they aren't here yet besides even
if I did have some I wouldn't go putting
my nose in them relax you've got all you
can get here he probably doesn't even
know what he's hauling even if it is
something unsavory so he'd remain
unaccountable oh yeah there a big deal
my great grandfather was a Carter had a
royal license and everything we've tried
to hold on to our
privileges someone with a cart what did
you think it was that's how deep into
history our thing reaches before
machines not at all we are part of the
guild and everything huh it's very
ancient very prestigious
hell no it's a guild Invitation Only
unions work for the rich [__] they're
basically the same been trying to [__]
us out of our heritage in the name of
profits but you can't replace
experience huh trusting street thugs
with their goods is going to [__] him
height up the ass mark my words
generations of practice and no laughing
matter
racist Lor man really uh didn't hit me
the way it was supposed to work out
[Music]
FR is this
French is this just French
we want to go out back
right oh the place is
[Music]
sprawling before you stands a motor
Carriage the Bodywork is covered in blue
and white Livery bearing the number 57
Vapor emanates from the large engine on
the back of the vehicle it hasn't had
time to cool off
yet this must be the infernal machine
that toy you from Oblivion the cprice
Cana motor carriage in the cabin you are
welcomed by a set of steering levers a
radio microphone on a hook a pullout
toolbox under the seat and the soft glow
of the fuel preheater gauge a scent of
leather work and heavy fuel oils washes
over you
the frequency Tableau lights up and the
green button labeled Prime line glows
like a feline eye and then you hear
something the soft purr of electrical
kittens radio waves cast far and wide
over the metropolis a woman's voice
greets you through the static this is
precin 57 hello J now how may I assist
you hello Alise please assist our
colleague from the 41st PR here I'm
putting him on operating the radio is
easy just be confident you've probably
done it a thousand
times this is Officer Alis Demetri ping
57 how may I assist you under the green
Prime line a yellow saved button catches
your eye you wonder what the
Lieutenant's default radio station is
just a second
officer 102 105 this is 4 first com over
hello French the man uses relay code
you've got this you're a cop and cops
know relay code do they me message
received 105 message what's your status
over 1018 State your message
sir 109
over 104 message received this is a very
serious situation I need to 1022 the
captain over is it him what does he want
says he lost his badge and needs to
report it he what he lost his
badge this is communication officer J P
sir over you mean your partner over what
is he saying what he's asking who you
are I'm his goddamn
partner it's your partner satellite sir
over franch did he lose his memory along
with this [__] bed
who lost his
badge dick [__] Mullen who do you
think it's Officer Dick Mullen from the
besteller dick Mullen and the lost
identity what dick Mullen is not your
name it's the name of a fictional
detective who would not lose his badge
defend yourself immediately they
laughing at you
104 I hear you officer I'm just going to
make a note here that you are in pursuit
of your misplaced badge over there [__]
me mac come here you've got to hear this
dick Mullen lost his badge what's going
on super cop lost his badge he lost his
what now his badge he lost his goddamn
[__]
badge what is this
Hotel did n come again I didn't get
that new heights even for Captain sober
ask
him ask him if he's lost his gun too
Sergeant Aron wants to know if you lost
your gun too check your pockets check
your holy [__] you don't know where it
is do you
okay it's gone your gun is most
definitely
gone interesting the the the narrator's
tone shifts based on the part of your
mind that's being called on that's
actually really
interesting officer did you get my
question we were wondering about your
gun even before you can get the words
out every everything gets scrambled in
your brain he says he didn't lose his
gun or his F whatever that means ask him
to describe it his gun not as fun just
the gun will do satellite officer mlan
request a description of your
weapon listen I know I'm one to swear a
lot but so this dialogue it's just like
they add [__] every other sentence
it's like this viy pop writing
it's a single shot kill A9 and AR to be
precise wait it's not a fictional
detector wait did I actually lose that
oh I lost it
okay
say 9 mm armis Armistice what is he a
[__] clearly he doesn't have his V
anymore fear God he lost his gun oh my I
can't this isn't really a laughing
matter M him face the giant of Coco by
himself but disco here him pisses
pass oh I I can't [__] he lost his ask
him if he still got his Wier I'm not
going to ask
him Sergeant ton here is wondering if
you are still in possession of your
genitalia
over sure why not that's a negative not
going to say that over what's he saying
share with the class he uh he said he s
your mother the prick ate Mama's Vanella
waffles at the Captain's birthday party
some nerve he's got sure her vanilla
waffles were the only thing he ate shut
up Chester this isn't funny this is my
mom we're talking about mackerel
mackerel torso tell him to apologize
right now Sergeant person request that
you apologize for the claims you made
about his mother
over M he says you shouldn't have
antagonized the firew walker in the
first place
who satellite officer v um I'm afraid he
might be referring to himself as fire
water sir fire waterer he's lost it [__]
it tell him to find his goddamn badge
and gun that's the only thing that
matters satellite
officer 104 affirmative officer is in
pursuit of his
firearm oh God
I officer do you need further assistance
over stand for I hear you I don't have
the authority to rent your request but
what does he want now he's asking for
money is he [__] kidding I don't
think he is don't give that [__]
anything he's just going to drink it all
right that's a negative on the
additional FS over
he says it's important to the case he
isn't getting a red scent you can tell
him that request denied sir
over anything else sir
over this is 57 how may I assist you of
course what is the number
officer yes hold on her number is
298 received hold on
[Applause]
officer give it a minute she might be
busy at the moment takes a bit to get to
the
[Applause]
phone of youself I have Sy Mal on the
line for you yes
hello all right hello officer what can I
do for
you no not
me no sorry I
don't not a lot of people have phones
around here copper thieves take the
wires people don't don't have the money
to have the cables put in again they use
the Union's phone or the one on the
coast so the union has a phone and
there's one further down the coast got
it it was someone else we'll find them
sooner or later officer it just might
take a
while yeah go
on yes I know who you are you're a
police officer the law this exact
conversation has happened before
establishing Authority before this young
girl seems to have been important to you
in the past don't go there
again oh no I haven't sorry real
policeman have uniforms too by the way
where's
yours he's in plain clothes voluntarily
it's different from not knowing where
your uniform is please no not this again
everyone saw your cool gun
detective you were trying to impress
some people with it everyone was eating
and you were waving it around in
everyone's face begging them to describe
it you said it calms you and then you
started making suicide jokes it it got
pretty graphic oh those again I have
been trying to wean you off
them you know when you put your gun your
actual gun on your temple and pretend to
shoot your brains out off of that people
don't like that h i remember this you
were screaming things like my brains are
all over the wall painting them red I
won't be seeing it cuz these are my
brains I can't see without my
brains very nice visual
there skin care said I tried some months
AG this is [__] skin purifying
treatment all the all the internal
characters of the mental are being
portrayed as their own shout out
underscores for predicting a
thisum look at this world I would love
to s
s no idea all I know is next to a waving
around money instead saying things like
big bugs cannot lie and guns can't buy
money but money can always buy guns it
almost looked like you pawned it but
believe me I did not
ask you mean why did I leave the
bar honestly I'm not really comfortable
discussing it with you sir why not
I
uh let's just say I left because I
needed to get away from someone you know
who what no why would you even think
that please don't bring gar into this
it's none of your business good what why
can't you just mind your own business
she
mutters I already said I don't want to
talk about this you're messing
everything up again
uniform I I never saw you in any uniform
you had your things on the Disco things
I do hope so please don't call me again
bye no she doesn't have a problem with
you it must be someone else she's angry
about some other guy like
G trust me you wouldn't want to be the
guy here you know how it is yak yak
nagnag no you're the guy your Lieutenant
love Matchmaker
extraordinaire help the poor girl out
Les she turns into a spinster
what misogyny I'm just telling things
the way they are can't a man be honest
in his own head anymore you have to act
Lieutenant love you have to calm that
hysteric down tell it you've got
everything under control then go and
have a little boy's talk with God
himself think you can do that Lieutenant
love refuse the Love quest
I'm good you're just a [__] what you
want to be more empathetic Co was
terminated by the other party anything
else
officer just a
second be my like yes hello oh great
what else do you need
detective you hear the call break up
anything El I can off
yourself as always it's DJ mesh and
filatio and you're listening
to freaks FM bringing you the hottest
the nastiest the most V A Flock of
Seagulls takes off nearby startled by
The Roaring radio right away the
lieutenant reaches into the cabin and
turns off the radio he's not looking at
you as he says someone some one must
have been messing with the radio or
maybe picked up a random frequency you
wanted the prime line
right oh is that what it was
called go for it turn the radio back on
while it's still on the speed freaks
FM so up motor carriage for one bad bad
M's
boy your foot and the freaky God damn
it look it helps me need to stay alert
on long nights okay it's a meod I'm not
some kind of speedfreak
or you would be too if you had this
motor
Carriage but seriously let's quit joking
around all right we have a case to
investigate this is pring 57 can I
connect it to
someone 57 over and out in the cabin you
see a set of steering levers a radio on
a hook a pullout toolbox and the soft
glow of the fuel preheater gauge a
metallic drawer slides out from under
the seat take what you need officer it's
going to be a long case I'm not
protective of my tools like some men are
it's robust weatherproof and wellmade
police issued blue lets you see things
in the dark you would otherwise miss the
handles are long and Sleek snap snap go
the Cutters in your
hand you can do good work with these cut
chains locks and ROP
especially belts the pry bar feels nice
and cold in your hand heavier than you'd
think useful for opening all sorts of
doors and Lids the pull out toolbox
slides back into its nest preheater
gauge casts a warm glow on the steering
levers and the radio on its hook the
white suede feels luxurious under the
touch and the metal clutch handle so
very familiar in your palm your fingers
waste no time closing around the handle
clutch disengaged release the handle
clutch drops right foot yearns for the
familiar touch of the accelerator pedal
you have synced with the machine's
mechanical circulation you feel an
uninterrupted connection to the
mechanics after a while you realize
silence is your only answer do what you
will with it of course it's only in your
head of course it is but it almost feels
as if the clutch handle is gently
squeezing back
the handle is pulled back somewhere deep
inside the drivetrain the disc is m to
the flywheel again in the cabin you see
a set of steering levers a radio as you
tap on the gauge the indicator pin jerks
as if startled it's in the large orange
sector indicating the engine is warm
next to the gauge is a red switch
labeled heat there's no use pressing the
heat button it won't start without the
ignition key translation we're not going
anywhere right
now holy [__]
like conversations interactions feel
like they lost an actual like the actual
like of real life like the pacing is so
interesting the fog of War
humano an old Monument stands in the
middle of the traffic Island pointing
toward the sea it looks as if it's been
reassembled piece by piece secured and
mounted in the air with the aid of
numerous ropes and rods a silver plaque
on the statue's pedestal reads I am
Philip III the squanderer the greatest
of the Philippian Kings of revon son of
Philip II the opulent father of Philip
the four why did you need that I'm just
going to do the kadence video Dex I'm
sorry I just needed it for stream cuz I
was showing let's wait it again why not
we're already
here oh my God Peta what an experience
but the important thing is your home
safe yeah and you know I guess I learned
something from all this you know what
we've done this a billion times so you
know I'm just going to do a Cadence
as you look up you notice something
about the Statue there are some odd
indentations on the king's chest
piece even by the standards of the
Philippian Kings old sumptious philli
was known for his profligacy
what does that mean
pracy this is this is a word I have
never heard
before wastefulness in the use of
resources Reckless extravagance
okay that's okay I'll show stream the
the
oh stop talking about my ground
[Music]
[Applause]
beef I thought it was longer
[__] wait also does pill for squadron
want a mod priv privileges for a
chat that's the question
okay I think fluffy is in here earlier I
forgot to
give
moderator
standard nice
okay if someone else comes in I have
Chad I have deck oh
oh wait I'm Trixie heartstrings that's B
okay that's what I
thought if anyone in in the the editors
comes in real quick I can give mod
privileges cuz I can't do it unless I
see their user I
think we're building an
army
okay there you go take
over the hoard
what's interesting is the moment this
game started and it was like all like
talking and all dialogue I was like oh
[__] my attention span but I'm like
consistently engaged with this which is
just really a really really good
sign I'm actually retaining information
which doesn't
happen taking the plunge
like everything everything's like
clicking into place
now I'm I'm understanding what's
happening and it's very
interesting it it this game takes some
brain power though but it's fine it's
worth
it well he blew through the whole
National treasury starting the decline
of one of the penultimate Century's
greatest superpowers the suarin of
riversa
his own Mal Administration foreshadowed
the fall of the monarchy during the
anti- Centennial Revolution an end to
his family line and the monarchy on the
Insel Indian
Isola stories have it that he had his
bedroom converted into a treasure
chamber where he stored unfathomable
wealth kruggerands bars of gold ornate
weaponry armor and various chalises the
Chalice of [__] he called it the Sol
Aram it was obscene there were Whispers
he slept on a huge pile of gold dipped
feathers like some obese Dragon instead
of a bed like a normal person yeah
honestly the people in this game the
people striking like the downtrodden of
this of of the mayonnaise Village they
got to like all they have to do is to
put I Am the Monarch on repeat for a
boost of
inspiration but wait you haven't even
heard about his fabled cocaine addiction
the what now you see old Philipe wasn't
just good at squandering the national
treasury on gold and ceremonial Weaponry
he was also a prodigious snorter of nose
candy oh nose candy quite familiar why
suddenly three mods because the power
because the
power
cocaine cocaine cooca co co co co
cocaine cocaine Co cocaine cocaine
cocaine cocaine cocaine cocaine Co COA
cocaine cocaine
co co co co co
cocaine wait can we get like cocaine
cocaine cocaine cocaine cocaine cocaine
cocaine there's too much delay I can't
like make a beat out of it like live
cocaine his Majesty's courtiers said it
helped him connect with the higher realm
cocaine his Majesty's CER
cocaine that's what the revolutionaries
said 150 years later right before they
entered out the Royal morum and dumped
his Majesty's mortal remains and that
cocaine
and dumped his Majesty's mortal remains
in the
cocaine beneath the cold Waters of the
insulindian bay thrown there by the
revolutionaries after they cleaned out
the Royal melum the original was blown
apart by communards then further damaged
during the landing of the coalition's
airships during the turn of the century
Revolution when martines was leveled
most historians think the coalition's
Hasty Landing may have ultimately saved
the statue if the communards had more
time they would have reduced it up to
even finer
pieces some years ago a group of liberal
artistically inclined individuals
designers mostly thought it would be
ironic to restore the statue of the most
wasteful ruler of riversa in the poorest
part of the city
the statue is supposed to capture the
moment it was blown apart like an
instant Frozen in Time a rear butterfly
trapped in Amber floating on the sea of
[__] people in martines tend to disagree
as do many prominent art critics and
thought Leaders with more nuanced social
awareness than the Young ironists
those critics might have it wrong though
there's more to it than just ironism but
you can't say what precisely perhaps
this art mystery will be solved at a
later time
Philip III the squanderer however with
his bronze face up in the air doesn't
seem concerned about what the Hoy pooy
think of him in
death P after begins now midnight is
upon
us well can I make this like kind of
epic
okay okay nice
not that he ever did in life
either something with great kinetic
energy seems to have impacted the Cass
around where the heart is a bullet what
keyboard keyboard
though wait what keyboard
[Music]
wanted to get a keyboard oh yeah that
was not going to be soon because it's
like
expensive and I don't need
it and I don't buy myself Christmas
gifts or
anything someone shot him in the heart
interesting shot through the
heart and your
cocaine okay I can see it but I take
your word for
it well Martinez is riddled with bullet
holes this place saw a lot of action
During the Revolution but the statue is
recently renovated so maybe a joke
target practice or political
statement dir anywhere first of all I
want some if I if I say I want something
as
like as like non-essential as a new
keyboard when I have a functioning
keyboard that I know and love right now
your first thought shouldn't
be I must donate for this for this
object but also second I don't take
donations I have to earn
it why not what is shows these guns
aren't too uncommon here and people
still shoot them sometimes at
Kings the king stands high above you
surveying the bay mute and indifferent
to your sightings
that was the most talkative statue I've
ever
seen I got white tank top do it do
it do it do
it take that [__] off yes bro
keep the tire
on
yes begin the old man Yahweh
the small wrinkled woman does not greet
you she nods along to something on her
radio a photograph is clutched in her
hands and there is a warm smile on her
face the photo an ambro type from the
turn of the century as golden as her
smile
no response wherever this woman is your
words fail to reach
her I don't want to
bother [__] I'm already tired I know who
this is was the most relatable character
in the game
okay I'm allowed to gain money
bastards we have a right to
work hold up and stay frosty everyone
cops are
here you here to [__] with us beat the
honest worker down
good we're fighting for a cause here
right to work besides we're not that
different it helps if people see us
talking cops and strike Breakers
together CH authorities are on our side
builds
confidence oh wait is this guy not a
striker might be time don't let the fat
bastards Tread On You cops tend to side
with the higher ups you're essentially
still
workers I don't trust cops but I can see
you understand them right to work right
to
work rights of people rights of workers
to have gainful employment to make a
salary and feed their families they are
a striker his manner of speaking is
wooden the tone of voice Bland and
uninspired almost as if compiling
replies from a set of learned phrases
maybe you should ask them the questions
like why we're not allowed to make a
living here shame on you we have
families to feed you piece of
[__] so do we Scott
honest men and women with rights to work
to be useful not toys for corporate
interests we came here to help the
harbor run smoothly in time of Crisis if
Union [__] don't want work they ought
to let in those who do want work I have
a question why do all these men follow
your leadership you think they follow
because I'm big and loud no they follow
the rules of the market the rules of the
economy because they were given a job to
do have fun Union shits are on full
strike don't think they're going to let
you through the gates trying to meet
their fat
boss I know nothing about a
murder wouldn't put it past these Harbor
bugs
they do anything to stay alive right to
work it's shameful cops doing nothing
you should bring backup open up the
gates for us blockading gameful
employment for workers is a
crime we are not picking aide in this
just yet sir
pity let us work we were promised work
we'd be in there working if the bastards
hadn't shut the gates
main Gate's locked would take heavy
ordinance to bust it open and try to get
in through the secretary's office doors
locked the guards blocking the way to
the access
panel and I don't mean the scrawny mes
Punk either I mean head measurer or
whatever he
is huge semones guys standing up there
on the overhead passage won't let anyone
by
the access panel is right behind
him the chair
attacks bad standing on an narrow bridge
he's got a strategically advantageous
position and he's trained I don't know
how the union has a trained killer up
there but that one's no joke and my men
are tired and hungry they're workers not
Fighters like civilized folk you mean
these native fcks don't understand and
civilized it would be better for the
neighborhood if you went home at least
for now if you can't get in anyway no
they will give up eventually or get
drunk leave the button unguarded then we
charge
a Lori stuck in the traffic Jour this
big heavy grade machine is well kept for
such an old
machine why do they give me this kind of
freedom of
movement they should know I'm just going
to do
this the windows are clear they've been
recently washed you can see a Lori man's
cabin with personal belongings stickers
insignia
the driver has adorned his space with a
substantial collection of peculiar
paraphernalia proclamations about honor
strength and Purity are glued to various
panels a large metal pendant hangs from
the rear view mirror the pendant
features a sun round with wavy
Rays it is the Seal of royalist era
Reva the back end of the cabin has a
small perch to sleep large ashtrays
there are several Suns and wheels sewn
into the curtains a book with ragged
edges catches your notice the front
cover features a large muscular man the
title reads man from heelal in the lost
city of the pigmies racist nationalist
paraphernalia Not Unusual in this part
of town this is our
guy likely yes this guy's proud of who
he is dpes it all over his machine there
he is in front of FR smoking nervously
hoping it's
over wait is that the racist
guy a Stars rer one of the f finest zimp
made motor carriages ever an oldie but a
goalie not many people outside of gr and
RW West too it appears esto kk2 That's a
classic Model never thought I'd see
another one repainted after what
happened last
time no only that the motor Carriage is
typically baby blue the colors of zigis
mon the great an ancient jimps ruler his
banners were famously zepha and white
the colors of the Stars
REO that's well yes exactly it more or
less except it was a crowd of them tore
him out of the vehicle and ran him over
with his own
tires they said it was an honor killing
husa style the James Community protested
the trial flying the colors 5,000 came
to protest correction
4,395 the fourth largest public protest
of a criminal trial in
riversa is that so officer I'll take you
at your word
people we are paid to protect let's
leave it at
that 4 years for murder in
reunion reunion like the
island the perss were remorseful their
sorry knocked 8 years off the sentence
that's the system the prisons in the
greater riveral industrial Harbor are
already full prisoners are expensive to
maintain the longer the sentence the
larger the
cost I try to avoid drawing farone
conclusions like this before actually
examining the body but my initial guess
is the two are
unrelated yes
detective okay I'm not going to unor
kill anyone over this but I've seen it
blue and white it's my much better that
way I don't know what the implications
of like the color choice I just did was
but I didn't want to upset him and I
have upset him or something like
that
you looking for something
it's about biological determinism
natural law the Sorting of the not the
most popular topic nowaday with a
coralation in charge and all you might
want to change the topic that is bury
your head under the sand like Comm on
sheep car pick the T if we get the
bad I hope so
I'm not just racist look I've read books
uh the science of threshold theory has
all been proved even if some people
don't want to accept it people who
studied these things said that you and
me are superior by Design so naturally
we accidentals should be in charge
obviously you can see the merits in
that so lately we are accidentals have
experienced an unfortunate downturn when
members of the superior race cease to
believe in their innate superiority they
stop competing for resources the problem
the dam Kips are showing a real good
game lately same with the mosquitoes and
the other introduced species too they're
on the precipice of cultural Victory
cultural Victory what is this
then it's it's what the Kips of Boogie
Street are going for right under our
noses and the others too on the radio
heard any lately heard any MOS or leader
no dominating cure is how they plan to
win they say so
themselves it's true also you need to
realize a dangers of mixing races who
knows what might happen if people don't
stay in their first place you might end
up with a new subrace with unknown
characteristics leading to extra
competition that's why you've got to
control The Offspring is this how is
this how racist people actually
think this is like I feel like I feel
like this actually makes sense that they
would be deleted like
this this like a non problem it's so
funny like they just they just make [__]
up they just make [__]
up don't push your luck
run three TS how idiomatic
what not this
break no they really can't be though
you wait he's racist
it's fine I didn't I didn't see racist
Lori man either the first time someone
had to point it out
to on a lot of mystical thinking it's
like
religious it's like religious
it's like actual like fairy tales [__]
it's so
funny racism is sub racism is sub
textual I don't think it
is is racist laor
man maybe you're
right wa I can level
up okay what's what's the
Met Vol equals ton where where's
vol kind
of Half Light sounds like a half life so
you you should pick up on
that
um I I kind of want to improve my
empathy just a little
bit this is
bad should I should I should should I
should I not
I kind of want to level up my
empathy Shivers is pretty important oh I
didn't even realize this was called
Shivers all I I remember reading is say
raise the hair on your neck tune into
the
city okay I'll start becoming up with
reverse
oh I can take it back
nice the tear machine stands in the
corner a sign says one bottle equals 10
cents H oh that's the tear
machine it's a machine for tear you know
you find tear outside like bottles or
whatever and put it in the machine then
it gives you money you need a bag I
guess we used to have some but we gave
them all out so feel free to use it if
you find a bag though I'm sure there are
some out there somewhere
a small cabinet on the wall is filled
with various medicine bottles nasal
sprays and blister packs they all bear
the S batist pharmaceutics logo their
logo is the bloodless Rose Pure White
Untouched by harm um just ask me if you
need anything from St batist we don't
stop prescription meds but we do have
Nosa fed damine magnesium and hypog
um I don't know let's see noed is a
nasal spray drine is a really good
painkiller magnesium is a dietary
supplement hypn is I don't really know
what hypog gam is I guess it makes you
feel less [__] it's recommended to use
after lots of partying studying or
exercising um no sorry I'm not like a
doctor or anything noed heals plus one
Health drine heals plus three Health
Than You tutorial magesium heals plus
one morale hypn heals plus three
morale St batist you know the
Pharmaceuticals company St batist
Pharmaceuticals the one that sells meds
out of St batist that one
there she is right s batist the company
derives its name from s batist the city
itself so named because that's what it
is a rear case where that really is the
full eological
history as far as almost anyone knows at
least
fascinating you see several packaged
raincoats fill a low shelf beneath a
display of crossant and Juice bottles
the raincoats are transparent except for
the big FL slogan on the back the
packages are small discreet sloppily
stacked making them easier to take
unnoticed no need to worry about
knocking over a
display I don't mean to steal a rain
coat what is
what um it's a raincoat if you want to
buy one then it's only for Royale
I only got $2 her attention is drawn to
the raincoats stealing one undetected
will now be more difficult I don't want
it
though welcome to frit feel free to look
around or something everything is out on
the shelves what's that magazine she's
reading um okay I'm not really supposed
to be chatting to anyone
but reality you mean she is like a
student unexpectedly called upon by a
teacher can she answer the classroom
question I don't know what about
it our government or do you mean
something else sorry I really need to
finish this article
cool um I don't really know anything I
mean I know it's there but I haven't
seen it
so not
really um no I didn't know him at
all um no need to worry it's just
standard procedure for us to ask around
if you hear anything let us know okay
okay
uh-huh um is this about the questions
again
oh I can't get to the
magazine a colorful display of
cigarettes and alcohol bottles Lin the
shop wall inviting you closer no I have
self-control the bottles wink at you in
the light no they don't the smokes too
glitter in their wrapping it's like
looking into a kind of Heaven your knees
are weak not really there in that dark
green glass all in vain the great
flowing river of warmth wine alcohol
beer alcohol love
alcohol um guess not
no I'm obliged to inform you that both
alcohol and cigarettes damage your
health but I guess you already know that
scab you're hazy on the notion of a scab
smells like politics though maybe it's
got something to do with the flask he
reaches for from time to
time a kind of a worm contend with mere
survival they come they want to do our
job for shittier screwing over both
themselves and US everybody
loses got to be bloody stupid or
freaking evil to scan or I guess scared
maybe but scared of what of
who personally I'd rather beg than scab
if the gentleman shouting on the street
came begging maybe they'd have gotten
something
we've explained the matters but they
don't listen this L would be reasonable
and go home if the big guy wasn't riling
them up all the time big guy he means
the leader of the
scabs I was just messing with you no
one's ever seen a cop
scab imagine you cops going on a strike
but then another cop comes in and says
let us cop for less money
speaking of what brings the RCM here to
the wild North come to see The
Strife murder huh that sounds like a lot
of hard work you'd never see me
investigating a
murder that's okay okay I have no idea
what I'm doing either I don't even know
what day it is don't tell me it's a
better day that
way my friend I respect the right to
roam the Open Range
awaits I don't operate in that capacity
I'm not a granter of
Passage the passage grants itself if
it's so simple why did the scab leader
warn you of the guards blocking the way
I walk right past measurehead and go in
yeah the 2 and 1/2 M tall semon
supremacist there walk right past
him then press the button to unlock the
door then go past him again and you
enter the arbor through the office
stop don't worry I'm sure it's not
completely impossible for example you
could best measure head in a physical
confrontation or you could convert to a
sem supremacist world view
or maybe it actually is completely
impossible not yet no he's incredibly
strong Jean luk himself would say the
philosophy has proven overly heroic for
the scabs to convert to not enough
intuition
sure sure thing my friend I can help you
you
out the coin lands into your hand as if
it is always belong there the swallow
returns always glad to help out the RCM
shame I can't do more things are meager
at the moment due to you know the winter
fat is slowly running out and all still
better than scabbing
though nothing to worry about really the
Jam's a bit of a mess cargo can't get in
or out the rationing is a bit stricter
as all suppli should last a strike
though I'm always glad to help out when
possible not like these slithering
scabs wait I was supposed to rec going
to the the [__]
place I'm out here like investigating
the union stuff so far
yeah yeah I
figured
okay this is like painfully engaging
like I have no commentary I'm just like
taking it in so intensely
[Music]
an old call box with a matrix of push
buttons lists all the companies in the
East Delta Commerce
[Music]
Center you see set of tire tracks in a
brown slush that covers the plaza
[Music]
Mosaic hard to say your vision is
blurred and you're having difficulty
concentrating thanks to your Relentless
hangover the tire tracks were left here
by an unknown event that took place some
days ago it's a message written in the
language of burnt
rubber some of that rubber stuck to the
tiles right in front of the whirling in
rags this is point a the driver started
there and then accelerated straight into
the fence left a hole big enough for the
Franco Nigerian Cavalry according to the
cafeteria manager the driver proceeded
to back out of the yard barely stopping
before hitting the adjacent building
before heading south must have been in a
hurry
you are correct this is a r Moto
Carriage friendly
City I'm not sure there are plenty of
traffic accidents waiting to happen in
Martinez with the gem right here on the
roundabout I would keep them
separate you could follow the track
South there seems to be a canal there
see where they
went okay so Northwest South is just
normal North up West left
Etc so it's not not one of the ones in
here
what the [__] are you doing
here what's your
problem Kuno got
this if the ever was such a thing as an
ugly kid then this is it he's almost
Exquisite in his ugliness like a gremlin
oh yeah nappy Kuno
can't talk Pig shit's coming up strong
throwing rocks [__] coming up strong
that sounds good joyous you should hang
out with this kid and see what that
juicy [__] is all about I mean drugs the
kids on drugs yeah Kuno Ride the
Lightning Kuno Kuno riding
it the rake Kuno you should throw the
rake at him Kuno the [__] does Kuno know
what a rake is Kuno is not a Garder
hello kid you want to hang out I'm not a
Nar sure why not [__] no Kuno doesn't
buy that [__] [__] entrapment [__]
fast this kid has got Street
smarts we shouldn't do anything I don't
tempt such forces you will see the
language these kids are using pure
unfettered ID there will be no reasoning
with those
creatures the [__] are you talking about
he's calling us Kuno he says we're
[__] each other
what all right entertain the Kuno show
me what you got what you got there what
you got huh the kid moves his hands like
a basketball player dribbling fast
reminds me of uh let's should remind you
of me of of what's it
called oh no what is it called facade
facade but like with the
Corruptions that just it just felt like
a it felt like a facade moment when it
was doing the Corruptions
right Pig this is where Kuno plays with
his little wooden choo choo F do you
want with
it yeah whatever Kuno doesn't give a
[__] Kuno Kuno
Pig it's always Kuno never I clearly the
kids using the third person perspective
as a shield
yeah Kuno is in a [__] gang in a bang
gang Kuno bangs for M bangs for Mazda
bangs for rever watch out Kuno he's
trying to fiddle you he's going to put
his hands on
you help Pig's got Kuno help
rap help he's got the Kuno help everyone
can hear you need to get the hell out of
here
before help he's thinking his dick out
escalate Kuno his dick is out you're
afraid pigs in there Kuno what's going
on somebody
please how did we get here how did this
happen this makes no sense there may
still be a way out just appeal to his
reason logic you're supposed to do the
the I don't want to be alive right
remember that one try that one
Lo for emphasis a ghost is saying this a
[__] eating Psychopathic ghost with an
ace up his sleeve I know you wanted to
hit me you got that I'm going to [__]
that Kuno up look that kun's Dad gets
punch him made look the ra I want to
very badly relax he can't read your mind
he does doesn't know you were thinking
that there's a dead body remember that's
what you were doing here you're a cop on
a
case I know what you thought I'm going
to [__] that Kuno up I'm going to shut
that [__] down you know what you should
have because now you're nothing you're a
joke to Kuno Kuno laughs at you
King
Kuno Kuno turned you into his prison
[__] you're going to be in this [__]
with Kuno no you're not we can just
leave [__] you're going to be in this
[__] with Kuno
forever AO is a type of hat by the
way okay Kuno is kind to his [__] ask
your questions but remember remember
this changes [__] click click click
click goes the PE p wearing [__]
behind the
fence oh my empathy all my empathy he's
on your crime scene bossing you around
and he's been here for some time too
this is where he hangs out you have to
get more out of him he could be
useful [__]
no what are you [__] mentally
handicapped Kuno they've almost made you
a snitch now e off see Kuno always takes
the bullet over the
hammer he'd rather die than work with
the justice
system shitload Pig what's your question
don't tell the pig [__] Kuno this is
where you quickly ask him questions
really real cop questions like a
cop kun's [__] imp Kuno uses the [__]
imp for target practice he's trying to
hide the fact that he doesn't
know Kuno knows all kinds of [__] Kuno
is not a snitch that's all trying to
make the Kuno sing into the Poo phone
probably climbed Kuno was busy down the
road when that [__] went down you heard
Kuno Kuno wasn't even in martines Kuno
wasn't in rol Kuno wasn't
Regional I don't know some [__] mes
or or I don't know some other place
night City Kuno is in [__] night City
there is no night City anywhere that
sounds like the name of a city in some
pulp science fiction novel Kuno gives
this info out on a need to know basis
and you don't need to know
Kuno didn't smoke the [__] if that's
what you meant thanks Kuno that's one
name you can now cross off the list is
it
though can we truly say that Kuno logic
logic listen to me remember remember the
Spider-Man song remember that
logic can we really cross his name
off just a couple of pigs sniffing
around in the dirt that seems pretty
[__] suspicious to Kuno yeah you tell
the [__]
Kuno this is like the Victorian child
they talk about in every hypothetical
this is the Victorian child that would
die if you subject them to anything
you're testing Kuno patience yeah get
lost yeah the kingdom of Kuno yeah
whatever Kuno doesn't give a [__]
the [__] about it your test get lost
Kuno doesn't
[__] my thought is
complete bad news Gom lilon did not
become a cop in 38 he went on a tour to
the syo province in saffre where he died
of autoerotic asphixiation his body was
found hanging from a decorative Dragon
Tree in his junior suite amid drug
paraphernalia UNH wholesome objects and
the Sylvia trainer single Wonderland
skipping in the background and yes you
can take this as a metaphor for riversa
in the 30s and also as a
warning I got to figure out this long
long some lome Long Way Home [__]
cocaine
okay how do I kill the
Child is This
Hades that's sort of
hell oh wait there's the
creature Kuno the pig's getting pretty
close to me come to Snuff my [__] out I
think looks like it's time for me to go
Kuno pigs come to take me in I'm going
away for a long long time Kuno going
away for life going on there [__] are
you trying to pull
Pig I come from the
woods you don't want to go there with me
you don't want to see what I've seen
don't be traumatizing here get the [__]
out of here
yeah this is not realistic American cops
would just shoot
them the corpse looks at you with
bulging white eyes the face around them
does not look human it's swollen and
ready to burst his lips are fish-like
and his tongue like a ball gag in his
mouth the hang me on this is a Swan's
reference you seem to be holding your
breath a cargo belt twists his neck at
an unnatural angle the body below
appears stiff it's letting out an
ungodly rot the smell seeps in even
through your clenched
nostrils active Decay it's okay to throw
up of his arm no one is judging he's
about to blow cop's going to blow Kun
the smell is repulsive it pushes in from
your mouth more instant and more
familiar than anything you'd expected
more fever than odor it fills your
mind so
true you feel a great force ringing from
your stomach until a pool of vomit lies
under your feet and your throat stings
from the stomach acid yummy soup the
smell of commodore red rises from the
pool among it distilled spirit and bits
of Shish
Kabab I'm sorry it's okay happens to
everyone keep
it the hangover is clearly making these
worse for you you could use some ammonia
to clear your head
that young woman The Gardener mentioned
she used Sals for the smell if she
doesn't have any there might be some in
the FR store nearby acquiring ammonia
will provide a modifier to the white
check modifiers make checks easier and
allow you to retry them
is that The Gardener's
Greenhouse an inconspicuous pile of the
roofin material
eonite it's nothing someone just left
some roofing material slanted against an
old shack glad you ask when Junior
researcher olari tal invented e tonight
in the Varner Polytechnic Institute some
30 odd years ago he thought it would
last forever hence the name eonite sadly
the only lasting thing turned out to be
the material's highly carcinogenic
effect because it's nice and orderly
well-laid pallets easy on the eyes
rhythmic pattern calms your mind mammals
like this stuff wait what just
happened what just happened what did I
just
drink I love how they're just chilling
with the
[Music]
corpse I can't believe it's snowing
again it felt like springtime just a few
days ago sure I'm done with
them go easy on that stuff it gave me a
terrible
headache the corpse like that one party
oh who could it be oh who could it be
[Music]
why does that look like weed if I'm
squint there he still is looking right
through
you right how do I take the thing
can I wear it as a hat
please how do I take
it there he still is looking right
through you with his white eyes the body
below is entirely dedicated to that Cor
smell emitting it is all it does know is
it just a modifier like
this just having it on hand is like um
makes it a modifier or whatever
okay there he still is looking pneumonia
only makes it worse the second time not
so much how do I skip
[Music]
this thank you so
much now does the win right
now I've seen strong men turn themselves
inside out for hours you are facing
tough ODS here alcohol withdrawal makes
it considerably
harder I've seen Captain's puke the guts
out it never gets easier you never get
used to the smell every Monday he's C
Day throw up investigate throw up
initial autopsy throw up
baget then drive to the station maybe
throw up on the way there if you didn't
bag the thing tight enough I think I've
dust my sense of smell a white lie not
being hung over helps
to that's probably a good idea clear our
head but before we can do that you need
to get your [__]
together we should go talk to the locals
find something else to do while the wind
changes it's pretty bad right now you've
gained a thought
when this dialogue is over go to your
thought cabinet and internalize it for
special bonuses and effects give it half
an hour get yourself together then come
back and have another
go I have a new thought I really am a
single cell organism
[Music]
you formed your first
thought right so if I go in with
[Music]
her oh this is open now cuz the time
changed
[Music]
a thin man is smoking below an exhaust
Hood occasionally sipping from his mug
this must be the whirlings cook as you
step in he nods toward the table and
says something in a completely foreign
language the only words you can make out
are garansi and kubec okay it's
definitely not his name whatever you do
please don't call him gany Quebec please
it's not
funny the man puts his cup down and
replies something his left hand drawing
arcs in the
air he smiles and bangs his label
against each of his pots in turn
it's almost like the name especially
with the sounds of assorted dishes
boiling and simmering on the
stove you see a heavy still door with a
prominent dimpled lock it's painted blue
the cobalt blue surface feels rough to
touch the stainless steel door is flush
with its frame on every side old old
Cobalt paint rough on the fingers 40 50
years since this was painted
maybe it leads to a side building
adjacent to this one the old building
next to this half ruined whatever is
behind it must be
old the door does not budge the
door the door the the the door does not
you do it's a door in the back of the
kitchen why do you care where it leads
the winch outside in the backyard
remember no your fingers
do H well if there was a winch I suppose
we could look into it as a side
investigation it's hardly a side
investigation you already have a name
for
it it's hardly worth the title anyway G
is the person to ask about this
the
money yay
money can I help
you what
thing oh yes that door sure there's
nothing mysterious about about it it's
just a
door no I don't have a key I don't know
how to get there and I don't care either
it's not like I've been wondering about
it for 10 years it's just a frit
Warehouse probably or some boring
storage space with a bunch of old junk
and dust junk and dust he's attempting
to maintain an air of indifference it's
absolutely not
convincing fine okay a little
but my job doesn't leave me time for
wondering about one lock door in one of
the cafeterias I manage so I haven't
opened it I have cleaned the whole place
a 100 times over though after the
animals and I haven't found a key so
good luck with that yes not the whole
damn Union thank God just the nastiest
and loudest
faction they come here in the evenings
dumb unruly types think they big [__]
but they're good customers they Place
big orders and always pay on
time we should find out who this Lord
faction is occupying the booth ladness
means talkative and we need info we
don't we have to wait they'll show up
sooner or later men get hungry even
striking men if not today then they'll
be here tomorrow there are these things
called days you sleep between them he
say saying they'll come after you've
slept just making clear you got that
than what by the way you should come
back to this thing based questionnaire
if you see anything interesting in the
whirling
later absolutely out of the question
absolutely in the
question first we find a sad Banger then
we sing this place to [__] it let's go
find the sad Banger Your Body Is Ready
s Your Body Is Ready
[Music]
s hey man come look at my stupid ass
room
the bed is cold and not particularly
inviting but it's yours the sheets look
awful the option to go to sleep becomes
available every night after 9:00 p.m.
[__] is war your B it's a really really
good question oh you're a
creature a colorful piece of plastic is
dangling from his caraban
ear makes your fingers itch on the
counter rolled out of his open hand you
see a blister pack of headache medicine
it's a dock workers's ID doubling as a
shift card and a job permit a young
able-bodied man STS back at you from the
photo Santiago s
John your fingers find their way into
the shekele flicking open its
spring-loaded gate the metal Loop holds
the plastic ID and a little bound
pocketbook the man emits a loud snore is
he about to wake up doesn't look like it
but you never know better be
quick no he's looking the other way
perhaps
purposefully you slip the plastic ID
card out of the loop and pocket it the
man continues to snore just for the
record you look nothing like the man on
the
document the sleeping dock worker has
little to say about your actions he
remains
silent I'm legitimately way too engaged
with this
[__] I have like no commentary to offer
whatsoever I'm
just I'm in this world physically right
now
I was not expecting to be able to have
the attention span for this I find that
incredible okay so what are we
doing I do have to complete volumetric
[__] compressor good news how's
volumetric [__] compressor doing oh it's
almost
done it's doing
well
yes me I don't see how my life is
pertinent to the investigation
what is a
binard that's a fair point all right for
the good of the investigation what do
you want to
know what do you
mean I have no idea what you're talking
about the Lieutenant's conceptualization
SK must be rather
rudimentary have I contacted hak about
Ultra kill music
yet shout out for reminding me cuz I
actually forgot to respond to his last
DM
but uh yeah I think we're I think I'm
making music for Ultra kill sometime
next year which is
cool oh it's bin clart is four is just
another four I is I
see for act three oh no it's for cyber
grind
it's what it's what we're trying to
arrange anyway nothing's like fully set
in stone yet but we're talking about
it I can't say that it does no when I
need to think I just use my notebook the
liutenant produces his small blue
notebook and idly thumbs through a few
pages we all have our different mediums
his is
written that's that's actually a very
cool commentary
that's correct you feel a slight urge to
put the lieutenant down for this but you
can't quite must enough
testosterone I I wouldn't want to do
that I guess you don't need glasses then
that's because I'm half seite or quarter
my father's father was from SE so was my
grandmother from my mother's side it's
not an interesting topic it's a part of
the world officer a geopolitical entity
and a geographic Division I told you it
wouldn't be
interesting SE is a protectionist
isolationist panori state west of the
insulindian
Isola actually it's quite interesting
some would even say
mysterious you're barking at the wrong
tree I don't speak a word of site I've
never met either one of my grandparents
and I've never been to se I'm a regular
heier a point of Pride to
him
no the lieutenant
NS good let's change the
subject I'm supposed to
oh is this completed
wait
no pawn shop huh
the
bookstore muscular man surrounded by
Flames hello sir step right in the store
is
open are you interested in new and
exciting
book okay sir I'll try to answer any
questions you have I hope they're about
books my name is Anessa my mom her name
is Place ANS she owns the store she's
inside minding the register or
organizing the
stock feel free to step in and browse
our
Wares I'm signaling that the store is
open otherwise people might not know
they'd miss out on the crime romance and
biographies of famous people I thought
they said Bromance for a second like
aichi thank you sir I'm glad to help Mom
out with the
store I do my studies at home at the
moment I have to help Mom keep this
place running
mom says it's necessary to do both
because it builds character mom says a
proper worker is beautiful that's how
you get ahead in life you succeed there
is stress and unease Behind these words
she's reciting etiquette that's what I
was thinking Mom says it's peachy she
was a little afraid at first there's
talk about this house being
cursed cursed in the way that makes them
say that no business has ever really
thrived here sir that they they all
go well they run out of money and have
to stop doing
business fish was for back back oh
[__] [__] I said I was going to De today
I forgot to if I try and do that now
um if I try and do that now I'll wake
everyone
up um today was like really
busy I was
in the work call from
like six to n or No 5 to
nine and then I like straight up fell
asleep after that like I was so
exhausted I got a lot of good [__] done
um I'm going to put it in my my list to
do for things tomorrow like for sure
hold
on if I remember correctly looking
through the
the boxes we had it's like almost all
cutie marks if I can like picture my
head
like six seven 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 I
think we have 15 vinyl boxes each box
can contain up to six records and I'm
pretty sure only two of them had fish
whisper vinyls in them and out of two of
those I think only one was full and one
was half so that would be if I'm just
brute forcing this estimate something
like eight eight copies left so I'll
have to
look I want to have extras for just the
purpose of having more more because like
it's kind of the last of the
uh I have an idea though
actually uh let me finish this dialogue
we can go into the bookstore and ask
about the case but I don't seem much
more to look into
here yes please do also look at our
Wares inside the postcards and board
games are there
sir nothing really sir mom doesn't allow
me to sneak around in the back rooms or
the cellar I don't really know what's
there
it does not manifest itself in any way
it does not exist I liked it better when
we were talking about whether it's
appropriate to stand out in the freezing
weather No Such
Thing uh anything else you wanted to
talk about Sir maybe I can tell you
about some of our books
instead it's the type of book where
there's a rich lady and she has to
choose between the good man and the bad
man or there could be a story about a
poor lady getting a rich rich man it's
about man and lady business
sir these are not very common you can't
have a choice between bad and bad nobody
wants to read a story like that well
maybe then it's fine maybe if the lady
then decides not to pick either because
she doesn't need a bad man yes that
would be
interesting it happens but usually the
guy gets rich in the process or should
actually be rich himself but has lost
his family property unjustly like during
the revolution or something those are
unhappy books for most of the pages
people sad about what they have lost but
then it all turns out just fine in the
end that's really not a proper romance
story that's more like everyday
life not in Romance Books sir these are
about nice and pretty people and
everyone is happy in the
end I haven't read many of those maybe
you should ask Mom
damn she said mom has no
maidens I don't think it's a romance
story if the main characters break up
though plunge the plunge the plunge
it's the
plunge didn't rub me on jilia just die
in the end yeah
exactly okay nice horn um no I don't
know yes she knows books definitely what
was that an idea for an unfinished novel
stuck somewhere in your forebrain maybe
some about other books crime fiction is
about murders or burglaries or things
like that and the work of a policeman or
a private detective who's trying to
solve a crime and catch the
criminals mhm mhm and it's kind of like
a puzzle too you can guess who the
criminal is or how the good guys are
going to catch him you don't look much
like a
policeman didn't mean to offend sir
sorry sir it's just that you don't look
like dick Mullen
sprting like by
B that's a me
problem what's that mean and
everything's better now sir that's great
sir she looks at dick Mullen frowning oh
he isn't even drawn
right she examines the picture trying to
find whatever is wrong with it she sure
you can sir he's just a fictional
character he'll be no match for you
maybe you can show me some real police
work sir like in the
books the girl keeps her hands folded
hidden why is that what do you mean sir
she looks around anxiously her hands
remain folded in front of her she
doesn't want to show them the lieutenant
stands by looking at the two of you with
little
interest she brings out her rened hands
her nails frayed nearly chewed down to
the flesh Jesus and you knew this from
me keeping my hands folded
well that proves nothing anyone could do
an easy deduction like
that you're quite
sober the lieutenant does not flinch at
the comment he does not flinch even a
single bit he is intensely not flinching
it takes effort
because you usually
aren't wait
what I'm sorry sir I hope things get
better soon there she stands swaying on
her feet assaulted by the early spring
Breeze she smiles at you the whole
situation suddenly feels familiar
somehow there's something you're missing
ah you have absolutely no idea familiar
how you must have forgotten something
you heard
again oh kings and queens and Generals
of old or artists and writers or
musicians those kinds of people there's
usually something extraordinary about
them I think that's why people read them
find the secrets of their Fame seems
like most people who read those books
failed to get more famous from reading
them but it does make the famous people
more
famous and its expression remains ever
so helpful but she doesn't say anything
okay
okay volumetric ship
compressor bizarre scientific news from
riversa West today where a police
officer's [__] has been observed at a
pressure of around
495 gig decimals these metallic hydrogen
levels of shi togetherness were thought
to exist only at the center of
collapsing star
not law officials it remains to be seen
how long the ship's Singularity lasts
wow
wow that was uh
beautiful that was
beautiful okay
so I I have
been ridiculously engaged with this
um and I'll continue this probably next
time we stream unless it's like
Christmas okay someone's having a moment
outside just let them
um either we do this next time or we do
the Christmas tree why why am I a
skeleton
okay
so either next time we do this again
next stream or it's the Christmas stream
I don't know what's going to come
first I got to prepare the Christmas
stream yes for the Christmas stream I'm
going to
be performing all of the movie Elf in a
PowerPoint
presentation so uh get get tuned in for
that because it's going to be
massive the Christmas stream you're
going to love
it I'm actually terrified I have no idea
how that's going to
work but either
way thanks for coming uh we'll have a
great time next time whatever it is and
uh
oh and last thing if anyone ordered a CD
most of them have shipped out by now so
you'll be getting yours soon if you
haven't
already and
yeah jam-packed end of uh end of the
year stuff happening so thanks for
coming